The only folks who care if Apple is a trillion dollar company are investors. They're the ones laying bets on the table in buying Apple stock. If Apple fails to meet their own goals, it will - inaccurately - be called a "failure." The United States is one of the only countries on earth where a company can clear half a billion in revenues and still be criticized for such numbers not being big enough.

Apple's fan base will buy what Apple puts in front of them, regardless of its market capitalization. Why? Their friends buy Apple, they see Apple on TV, and the Apple user mantra, "I just want it to work."
At this point it's also about not wanting to think about making a change. I remember seeing a PSA billboard that said, "I'll quit smoking when cigarettes become $_____ a pack." One could do the same for Apple's iPhone: "I'll consider other smartphones when the iPhone reaches $_____." Apple will continue to raise prices to see just how big that "____" can get - the higher they can get away with on the backs of their customer base, the happier investors will be.The only folks who care if Apple is a trillion dollar company are investors. They're the ones laying bets on the table in buying Apple stock. If Apple fails to meet their own goals, it will - inaccurately - be called a "failure." The United States is one of the only countries on earth where a company can clear half a billion in revenues and still be criticized for such numbers not being big enough.
At this point it's also about not wanting to think about making a change. I remember seeing a PSA billboard that said, "I'll quit smoking when cigarettes become $_____ a pack." One could do the same for Apple's iPhone: "I'll consider other smartphones when the iPhone reaches $_____." Apple will continue to raise prices to see just how big that "____" can get - the higher they can get away with on the backs of their customer base, the happier investors will be.This is a shock how exactly? £1000 - £1200 phones is taking the piss really and I’m glad sales expectations are being missed.
Should mean next year the phones become more reasonably priced. The 8 should have kept the 7’s pricing & then the X I’d have said would been fair at the the 8’s current pricing models.
Oh and then the computers just aren’t keeping up with the tech world anymore yet still somehow go up in price on every refresh, when other vendors for Windows are pretty much matching, if not beating Apple now for how a product feels and looks. (Granted if you really need / want Mac OS then Mac is the only route).
Ever since the watch came about with a model branding a £10,000 price tag, apple have just become even greedier and it shows with the “we’re now a fashion tech company” statement from Cook himself around when the original watch launched.Hope Will doesn't get fucked again by upside down monsters. I want him to happy at least in one season.If this company wants to die, it should do so quietly. What a shame!Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...Well at least it resolved the soft reboot issue, a lot of pain for people who did a complete reset and restore like me before this update was released as now all apps have to be downloaded again... who ever got the idea of not removing the feature of  iTunes to download the app updates must be very proud... this bug is as silly as the root login one on the Mac couple of days ago.. not so secure and world class any more I guess...It was crashing my iPad as well from yesterday just after midnight... what a idiotic bug, it is absolutely embarrassing for Apple after the root login issue on the Mac... well hopefully the issue is resolved after the update on my iPad..I did a complete reset and restore from backup then set it up as a new iPad as well as the issue was not getting resolved, apple must be sleeping. Now one has to download all the apps again from the App Store because some genius in apple thought allowing the users to keep the apps on their local machines is not a good thing.. bunch of idiots..It was crashing my iPad as well from yesterday just after midnight... what a idiotic bug, it is absolutely embarrassing for Apple after the root login issue on the Mac... well hopefully the issue is resolved after the update on my iPad..I did a complete reset and restore from backup then set it up as a new iPad as well as the issue was not getting resolved, apple must be sleeping. Now one has to download all the apps again from the App Store because some genius in apple thought allowing the users to keep the apps on their local machines is not a good thing.. bunch of idiots..It was crashing my iPad as well from yesterday just after midnight... what a idiotic bug, it is absolutely embarrassing for Apple after the root login issue on the Mac... well hopefully the issue is resolved after the update on my iPad..I did a complete reset and restore from backup then set it up as a new iPad as well as the issue was not getting resolved, apple must be sleeping. Now one has to download all the apps again from the App Store because some genius in apple thought allowing the users to keep the apps on their local machines is not a good thing.. bunch of idiots..It was crashing my iPad as well from yesterday just after midnight... what a idiotic bug, it is absolutely embarrassing for Apple after the root login issue on the Mac... well hopefully the issue is resolved after the update on my iPad..I did a complete reset and restore from backup then set it up as a new iPad as well as the issue was not getting resolved, apple must be sleeping. Now one has to download all the apps again from the App Store because some genius in apple thought allowing the users to keep the apps on their local machines is not a good thing.. bunch of idiots..It was crashing my iPad as well from yesterday just after midnight... what a idiotic bug, it is absolutely embarrassing for Apple after the root login issue on the Mac... well hopefully the issue is resolved after the update on my iPad..I did a complete reset and restore from backup then set it up as a new iPad as well as the issue was not getting resolved, apple must be sleeping. Now one has to download all the apps again from the App Store because some genius in apple thought allowing the users to keep the apps on their local machines is not a good thing.. bunch of idiots..It was crashing my iPad as well from yesterday just after midnight... what a idiotic bug, it is absolutely embarrassing for Apple after the root login issue on the Mac... well hopefully the issue is resolved after the update on my iPad..I did a complete reset and restore from backup then set it up as a new iPad as well as the issue was not getting resolved, apple must be sleeping. Now one has to download all the apps again from the App Store because some genius in apple thought allowing the users to keep the apps on their local machines is not a good thing.. bunch of idiots..It was crashing my iPad as well from yesterday just after midnight... what a idiotic bug, it is absolutely embarrassing for Apple after the root login issue on the Mac... well hopefully the issue is resolved after the update on my iPad..I did a complete reset and restore from backup then set it up as a new iPad as well as the issue was not getting resolved, apple must be sleeping. Now one has to download all the apps again from the App Store because some genius in apple thought allowing the users to keep the apps on their local machines is not a good thing.. bunch of idiots..It was crashing my iPad as well from yesterday just after midnight... what a idiotic bug, it is absolutely embarrassing for Apple after the root login issue on the Mac... well hopefully the issue is resolved after the update on my iPad..I did a complete reset and restore from backup then set it up as a new iPad as well as the issue was not getting resolved, apple must be sleeping. Now one has to download all the apps again from the App Store because some genius in apple thought allowing the users to keep the apps on their local machines is not a good thing.. bunch of idiots..It was crashing my iPad as well from yesterday just after midnight... what a idiotic bug, it is absolutely embarrassing for Apple after the root login issue on the Mac... well hopefully the issue is resolved after the update on my iPad..I did a complete reset and restore from backup then set it up as a new iPad as well as the issue was not getting resolved, apple must be sleeping. Now one has to download all the apps again from the App Store because some genius in apple thought allowing the users to keep the apps on their local machines is not a good thing.. bunch of idiots..It was crashing my iPad as well from yesterday just after midnight... what a idiotic bug, it is absolutely embarrassing for Apple after the root login issue on the Mac... well hopefully the issue is resolved after the update on my iPad..I did a complete reset and restore from backup then set it up as a new iPad as well as the issue was not getting resolved, apple must be sleeping. Now one has to download all the apps again from the App Store because some genius in apple thought allowing the users to keep the apps on their local machines is not a good thing.. bunch of idiots..It was crashing my iPad as well from yesterday just after midnight... what a idiotic bug, it is absolutely embarrassing for Apple after the root login issue on the Mac... well hopefully the issue is resolved after the update on my iPad..I did a complete reset and restore from backup then set it up as a new iPad as well as the issue was not getting resolved, apple must be sleeping. Now one has to download all the apps again from the App Store because some genius in apple thought allowing the users to keep the apps on their local machines is not a good thing.. bunch of idiots..I could understand if this was a two-way trip, to prove he was so confident the mission would succeed and come back in one piece that he put a prized possession in it. But just throwing it out into orbit to never be recovered is stupid. It's like a rich guys way to throwing away expensive stuff he doesn't want anymore but doesn't want anyone else to have.
C'mon musk, you are better than that >.>I could understand if this was a two-way trip, to prove he was so confident the mission would succeed and come back in one piece that he put a prized possession in it. But just throwing it out into orbit to never be recovered is stupid. It's like a rich guys way to throwing away expensive stuff he doesn't want anymore but doesn't want anyone else to have.
C'mon musk, you are better than that >.>As a child I wanted to take my dad's Suzuki fx to the moon so Elon Musk will grow up to become just like me.. I turned out ok I guess :vAs a child I wanted to take my dad's Suzuki fx to the moon so Elon Musk will grow up to become just like me.. I turned out ok I guess :vAs a child I wanted to take my dad's Suzuki fx to the moon so Elon Musk will grow up to become just like me.. I turned out ok I guess :vAs a child I wanted to take my dad's Suzuki fx to the moon so Elon Musk will grow up to become just like me.. I turned out ok I guess :vDumb. We've already trashed space around our own planet, now he wants to place stupid debris in orbit around Mars.Dumb. We've already trashed space around our own planet, now he wants to place stupid debris in orbit around Mars.Dumb. We've already trashed space around our own planet, now he wants to place stupid debris in orbit around Mars.Dumb. We've already trashed space around our own planet, now he wants to place stupid debris in orbit around Mars.Fisa courts haven't been proven to stop attacks.. we need to stop spending money and enabling the govt to do things that haven't been proven to achieve results. They only want their all seeing eye as power to threaten anyone opposing them.Fisa courts haven't been proven to stop attacks.. we need to stop spending money and enabling the govt to do things that haven't been proven to achieve results. They only want their all seeing eye as power to threaten anyone opposing them.Fisa courts haven't been proven to stop attacks.. we need to stop spending money and enabling the govt to do things that haven't been proven to achieve results. They only want their all seeing eye as power to threaten anyone opposing them.Fisa courts haven't been proven to stop attacks.. we need to stop spending money and enabling the govt to do things that haven't been proven to achieve results. They only want their all seeing eye as power to threaten anyone opposing them.Fisa courts haven't been proven to stop attacks.. we need to stop spending money and enabling the govt to do things that haven't been proven to achieve results. They only want their all seeing eye as power to threaten anyone opposing them.Yeah, and Alexa has some censorship issues:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHGWcuGxvZ4Yeah, and Alexa has some censorship issues:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHGWcuGxvZ4Would love to see Lyft overtake. Love the service. Had too many issues with Uber even before the scandals.It's in the very interest of any business to advertise to as broad of an audience as humanely possible - the thought that these companies are so nonferrous or racist as to handicap themselves from making larger profits takes quite a bit of imagination.
People always talk about companies being hyper greedy and selfish and only caring about the bottom line but whenever the flavor of the month politically correct issue comes to the front businesses all of a sudden abandon their allegiance to making money - hard to have it both ways.It's in the very interest of any business to advertise to as broad of an audience as humanely possible - the thought that these companies are so nonferrous or racist as to handicap themselves from making larger profits takes quite a bit of imagination.
People always talk about companies being hyper greedy and selfish and only caring about the bottom line but whenever the flavor of the month politically correct issue comes to the front businesses all of a sudden abandon their allegiance to making money - hard to have it both ways.Umm.. are we talking about the same company that had issues with a simple ignition switch at the tune of close to 150 deaths? Wonder how these AI powered cars will fare when sensors fail after 5 years, while bitrott and "learning" degenerate the neural network that the car runs on.. http://money.cnn.com/2015/09/17/news/companies/gm-recall-ignition-switch/index.htmlUmm.. are we talking about the same company that had issues with a simple ignition switch at the tune of close to 150 deaths? Wonder how these AI powered cars will fare when sensors fail after 5 years, while bitrott and "learning" degenerate the neural network that the car runs on.. http://money.cnn.com/2015/09/17/news/companies/gm-recall-ignition-switch/index.htmlUmm.. are we talking about the same company that had issues with a simple ignition switch at the tune of close to 150 deaths? Wonder how these AI powered cars will fare when sensors fail after 5 years, while bitrott and "learning" degenerate the neural network that the car runs on.. http://money.cnn.com/2015/09/17/news/companies/gm-recall-ignition-switch/index.htmlUmm.. are we talking about the same company that had issues with a simple ignition switch at the tune of close to 150 deaths? Wonder how these AI powered cars will fare when sensors fail after 5 years, while bitrott and "learning" degenerate the neural network that the car runs on.. http://money.cnn.com/2015/09/17/news/companies/gm-recall-ignition-switch/index.htmlUmm.. are we talking about the same company that had issues with a simple ignition switch at the tune of close to 150 deaths? Wonder how these AI powered cars will fare when sensors fail after 5 years, while bitrott and "learning" degenerate the neural network that the car runs on.. http://money.cnn.com/2015/09/17/news/companies/gm-recall-ignition-switch/index.htmlUmm.. are we talking about the same company that had issues with a simple ignition switch at the tune of close to 150 deaths? Wonder how these AI powered cars will fare when sensors fail after 5 years, while bitrott and "learning" degenerate the neural network that the car runs on.. http://money.cnn.com/2015/09/17/news/companies/gm-recall-ignition-switch/index.htmlI bet everyone will want to ride in the vomit-stinking, piss-soaked self-driving vehiclesI bet everyone will want to ride in the vomit-stinking, piss-soaked self-driving vehiclesso many negative comments. Why are there so many haters out there?! He is an ordinary guy who maybe was brave for a minute or just wanted to be funny and did the thing. Maybe he even never did it. Now he wants his peace. Let's accept it and move on.so many negative comments. Why are there so many haters out there?! He is an ordinary guy who maybe was brave for a minute or just wanted to be funny and did the thing. Maybe he even never did it. Now he wants his peace. Let's accept it and move on.Great artists will not let somebody else finish Dancing Queen. It is the static original that defines the value. Would Gogh or Munch let someone paint over their work? I am stunned over how little the tech understands about how the artists think and work. It seems the blockchain club is no better than the middlemen system when it comes to understanding great artists. It's a shame. Miles Davis handpicked his musicians. There is no other strategy. They were chosen to his image by his brain. Artists are not generous. They are just not greedy in the same room as the tech. They are greedy in the room of great art and noone is allowed to destroy their precious work. A great artist wants to own an original. Because that's what he is. When I read about blockchain and the way they talk about art I guess it will be 20 more years with horseshit. I guess it is very naive to think that just because the tech has invented something new they will suddenly understand the Goghs and the Miles' of this world. They won't. The only difference this time is that they will tell you that they do.Great artists will not let somebody else finish Dancing Queen. It is the static original that defines the value. Would Gogh or Munch let someone paint over their work? I am stunned over how little the tech understands about how the artists think and work. It seems the blockchain club is no better than the middlemen system when it comes to understanding great artists. It's a shame. Miles Davis handpicked his musicians. There is no other strategy. They were chosen to his image by his brain. Artists are not generous. They are just not greedy in the same room as the tech. They are greedy in the room of great art and noone is allowed to destroy their precious work. A great artist wants to own an original. Because that's what he is. When I read about blockchain and the way they talk about art I guess it will be 20 more years with horseshit. I guess it is very naive to think that just because the tech has invented something new they will suddenly understand the Goghs and the Miles' of this world. They won't. The only difference this time is that they will tell you that they do.Great artists will not let somebody else finish Dancing Queen. It is the static original that defines the value. Would Gogh or Munch let someone paint over their work? I am stunned over how little the tech understands about how the artists think and work. It seems the blockchain club is no better than the middlemen system when it comes to understanding great artists. It's a shame. Miles Davis handpicked his musicians. There is no other strategy. They were chosen to his image by his brain. Artists are not generous. They are just not greedy in the same room as the tech. They are greedy in the room of great art and noone is allowed to destroy their precious work. A great artist wants to own an original. Because that's what he is. When I read about blockchain and the way they talk about art I guess it will be 20 more years with horseshit. I guess it is very naive to think that just because the tech has invented something new they will suddenly understand the Goghs and the Miles' of this world. They won't. The only difference this time is that they will tell you that they do.Great artists will not let somebody else finish Dancing Queen. It is the static original that defines the value. Would Gogh or Munch let someone paint over their work? I am stunned over how little the tech understands about how the artists think and work. It seems the blockchain club is no better than the middlemen system when it comes to understanding great artists. It's a shame. Miles Davis handpicked his musicians. There is no other strategy. They were chosen to his image by his brain. Artists are not generous. They are just not greedy in the same room as the tech. They are greedy in the room of great art and noone is allowed to destroy their precious work. A great artist wants to own an original. Because that's what he is. When I read about blockchain and the way they talk about art I guess it will be 20 more years with horseshit. I guess it is very naive to think that just because the tech has invented something new they will suddenly understand the Goghs and the Miles' of this world. They won't. The only difference this time is that they will tell you that they do.Great artists will not let somebody else finish Dancing Queen. It is the static original that defines the value. Would Gogh or Munch let someone paint over their work? I am stunned over how little the tech understands about how the artists think and work. It seems the blockchain club is no better than the middlemen system when it comes to understanding great artists. It's a shame. Miles Davis handpicked his musicians. There is no other strategy. They were chosen to his image by his brain. Artists are not generous. They are just not greedy in the same room as the tech. They are greedy in the room of great art and noone is allowed to destroy their precious work. A great artist wants to own an original. Because that's what he is. When I read about blockchain and the way they talk about art I guess it will be 20 more years with horseshit. I guess it is very naive to think that just because the tech has invented something new they will suddenly understand the Goghs and the Miles' of this world. They won't. The only difference this time is that they will tell you that they do.Great artists will not let somebody else finish Dancing Queen. It is the static original that defines the value. Would Gogh or Munch let someone paint over their work? I am stunned over how little the tech understands about how the artists think and work. It seems the blockchain club is no better than the middlemen system when it comes to understanding great artists. It's a shame. Miles Davis handpicked his musicians. There is no other strategy. They were chosen to his image by his brain. Artists are not generous. They are just not greedy in the same room as the tech. They are greedy in the room of great art and noone is allowed to destroy their precious work. A great artist wants to own an original. Because that's what he is. When I read about blockchain and the way they talk about art I guess it will be 20 more years with horseshit. I guess it is very naive to think that just because the tech has invented something new they will suddenly understand the Goghs and the Miles' of this world. They won't. The only difference this time is that they will tell you that they do.Great artists will not let somebody else finish Dancing Queen. It is the static original that defines the value. Would Gogh or Munch let someone paint over their work? I am stunned over how little the tech understands about how the artists think and work. It seems the blockchain club is no better than the middlemen system when it comes to understanding great artists. It's a shame. Miles Davis handpicked his musicians. There is no other strategy. They were chosen to his image by his brain. Artists are not generous. They are just not greedy in the same room as the tech. They are greedy in the room of great art and noone is allowed to destroy their precious work. A great artist wants to own an original. Because that's what he is. When I read about blockchain and the way they talk about art I guess it will be 20 more years with horseshit. I guess it is very naive to think that just because the tech has invented something new they will suddenly understand the Goghs and the Miles' of this world. They won't. The only difference this time is that they will tell you that they do.It’s not a babysitter.
It’s weird, but kids are people with interests and a desire to be entertained, just like anyone else.
I’m not going to understand the allure of what interests them. I spent some time today looking over my oldest daughter’s shoulder while she cackled at my bemusement. I used to be obsessed with terrible flash videos and when I tried to show her those, she just looked at me like I was old.
Both of my kids have proven themselves to be perfectly capable of maintaining diverse interests and being very social with their friends. They can YouTube if they want to.It kind of isn’t. It’s true. But if I want to make stuffies (plushies) for Adult age Ravers and adult age Hookers (I’m being serious) I cannot legally assume I am not producing toys for children. Thus, I have to follow regulations for manufacturing children’s toys even though I am not marketing to them.The IRS doesn't recognize virtual currency as having value while wanting to tax the value its users see it as having.
Figure that the fuck out. Fuck the IRS.The IRS doesn't recognize virtual currency as having value while wanting to tax the value its users see it as having.
Figure that the fuck out. Fuck the IRS.Even more reason to HODL. If you want to pull money out and turn your portfolio into a house position, write covered calls on power ledger against a portion of your BTC. 10k strike LEAP’s selling for 2-3k premium, much better than paying cap gains tax.Forget Trump and politics for a second.  Isn't it alarming that a knuckle dragging idiot like this, is able to disable the President's account on social media?
Twitter has a HUGE security problem if some low level tech guy can do that.  Imagine what a hacker can do or anyone using basic phishing tactics on Twitter employees can do.Forget Trump and politics for a second.  Isn't it alarming that a knuckle dragging idiot like this, is able to disable the President's account on social media?
Twitter has a HUGE security problem if some low level tech guy can do that.  Imagine what a hacker can do or anyone using basic phishing tactics on Twitter employees can do.
