Notice how all of the guys who 'like' this don't have very English names. Are we still sure that we want such open borders?Being a parent has nothing to do with genetics.

Tens of thousands of kids in the U.K, and over 100k kids in the U.S., need a stable home.  I wish more people desiring parenthood would consider fostering/adopting;  the planet does not need more humans, and there many kids who need your love and guidance!Being a parent has nothing to do with genetics.
Tens of thousands of kids in the U.K, and over 100k kids in the U.S., need a stable home.  I wish more people desiring parenthood would consider fostering/adopting;  the planet does not need more humans, and there many kids who need your love and guidance!It makes Trumps case stronger as this was within peramiters of FLYNNs job.No collusion found.We all know this is a witch hunt from democrats who dont want their dirtiness exposed to Americans.It makes Trumps case stronger as this was within peramiters of FLYNNs job.No collusion found.We all know this is a witch hunt from democrats who dont want their dirtiness exposed to Americans.It makes Trumps case stronger as this was within peramiters of FLYNNs job.No collusion found.We all know this is a witch hunt from democrats who dont want their dirtiness exposed to Americans.It makes Trumps case stronger as this was within peramiters of FLYNNs job.No collusion found.We all know this is a witch hunt from democrats who dont want their dirtiness exposed to Americans.It makes Trumps case stronger as this was within peramiters of FLYNNs job.No collusion found.We all know this is a witch hunt from democrats who dont want their dirtiness exposed to Americans.It makes Trumps case stronger as this was within peramiters of FLYNNs job.No collusion found.We all know this is a witch hunt from democrats who dont want their dirtiness exposed to Americans.It makes Trumps case stronger as this was within peramiters of FLYNNs job.No collusion found.We all know this is a witch hunt from democrats who dont want their dirtiness exposed to Americans.It makes Trumps case stronger as this was within peramiters of FLYNNs job.No collusion found.We all know this is a witch hunt from democrats who dont want their dirtiness exposed to Americans.It makes Trumps case stronger as this was within peramiters of FLYNNs job.No collusion found.We all know this is a witch hunt from democrats who dont want their dirtiness exposed to Americans.Please don't say God bless, it's so frustrating and insulting. A child died in order to provide organs for another child who was dying. He was saved because of medical science, your God wanted them both to die.. how can you love such evil?Please don't say God bless, it's so frustrating and insulting. A child died in order to provide organs for another child who was dying. He was saved because of medical science, your God wanted them both to die.. how can you love such evil?We have our own problems. Tell them to deal with theirsIsreal is a great NATION who can againest them is shamefully defeated the military of Israel is strong enougn to defend their enemies. Israel forever...Long live live for Jewish state.Isreal is a great NATION who can againest them is shamefully defeated the military of Israel is strong enougn to defend their enemies. Israel forever...Long live live for Jewish state.media are also againts israel.. they were trying to make the image of israel bad to the public.. we all know its prophesize that all nation will go againts israel.. media can make an a story/article whom they want it to be..media are also againts israel.. they were trying to make the image of israel bad to the public.. we all know its prophesize that all nation will go againts israel.. media can make an a story/article whom they want it to be..media are also againts israel.. they were trying to make the image of israel bad to the public.. we all know its prophesize that all nation will go againts israel.. media can make an a story/article whom they want it to be..media are also againts israel.. they were trying to make the image of israel bad to the public.. we all know its prophesize that all nation will go againts israel.. media can make an a story/article whom they want it to be..Leaving aside the issue that this is a work computer ... in a survey of a representative sample of men, to the question: "Have you ever viewed pornographic images?", 30% responded "yes", and the other 70% lied ...I have no problem with him watching porno of legal content. I have a problem with watching porn on his work computer when he should be working. I don't watch but but I wanted to I would. However, I wouldn't be be watching it it when I'm supposed to be working and if I was in government I certainly wouldn't be watching it when I am a servant of the the people. He should be sacked for wasting the tax payers money if it is found that his password accessed the material. Innocent until proven guilty. I think in this case though it has already been found that he has been using works time and equipment to serve his own purpose. What a silly fool.I have no problem with him watching porno of legal content. I have a problem with watching porn on his work computer when he should be working. I don't watch but but I wanted to I would. However, I wouldn't be be watching it it when I'm supposed to be working and if I was in government I certainly wouldn't be watching it when I am a servant of the the people. He should be sacked for wasting the tax payers money if it is found that his password accessed the material. Innocent until proven guilty. I think in this case though it has already been found that he has been using works time and equipment to serve his own purpose. What a silly fool.I have no problem with him watching porno of legal content. I have a problem with watching porn on his work computer when he should be working. I don't watch but but I wanted to I would. However, I wouldn't be be watching it it when I'm supposed to be working and if I was in government I certainly wouldn't be watching it when I am a servant of the the people. He should be sacked for wasting the tax payers money if it is found that his password accessed the material. Innocent until proven guilty. I think in this case though it has already been found that he has been using works time and equipment to serve his own purpose. What a silly fool.I have no problem with him watching porno of legal content. I have a problem with watching porn on his work computer when he should be working. I don't watch but but I wanted to I would. However, I wouldn't be be watching it it when I'm supposed to be working and if I was in government I certainly wouldn't be watching it when I am a servant of the the people. He should be sacked for wasting the tax payers money if it is found that his password accessed the material. Innocent until proven guilty. I think in this case though it has already been found that he has been using works time and equipment to serve his own purpose. What a silly fool.I have no problem with him watching porno of legal content. I have a problem with watching porn on his work computer when he should be working. I don't watch but but I wanted to I would. However, I wouldn't be be watching it it when I'm supposed to be working and if I was in government I certainly wouldn't be watching it when I am a servant of the the people. He should be sacked for wasting the tax payers money if it is found that his password accessed the material. Innocent until proven guilty. I think in this case though it has already been found that he has been using works time and equipment to serve his own purpose. What a silly fool.Why reporting on climate when the creator is the one controlling it? Report on issues that affects people's lives in Libya #BBC. Meaning people are not important to you that is why u don't report... #CAREFUL #BBCThe world is getting warmer but I'd say the biggest problem is plastic pollution and wildlife extinction that has to be sorted now mot tomar.The world is getting warmer but I'd say the biggest problem is plastic pollution and wildlife extinction that has to be sorted now mot tomar.If you truly wanted to be free then attack the chain. The chain represents your own choice to be held back and imprisoned by the history of art (the marble)
Oh look I can be all artistic and symbolic too.... guess I’m an artist too!If you truly wanted to be free then attack the chain. The chain represents your own choice to be held back and imprisoned by the history of art (the marble)
Oh look I can be all artistic and symbolic too.... guess I’m an artist too!Nothing cheeses me off than this oft repeated rubbish about  ‘would you pass this test to be a citizen of your own country’ ... we don’t have to!!!!  This is our country!! If you want to live here take the test and put some work in .. fine. If you can’t be bothered stay away, we have enough free loaders already.More anti-russian propaganda and scaremongering. I thought the cold war was dead and buried but sadly the UK and US elite seem to want to resurrect it!More anti-russian propaganda and scaremongering. I thought the cold war was dead and buried but sadly the UK and US elite seem to want to resurrect it!More anti-russian propaganda and scaremongering. I thought the cold war was dead and buried but sadly the UK and US elite seem to want to resurrect it!More anti-russian propaganda and scaremongering. I thought the cold war was dead and buried but sadly the UK and US elite seem to want to resurrect it!More anti-russian propaganda and scaremongering. I thought the cold war was dead and buried but sadly the UK and US elite seem to want to resurrect it!Never used it even when it came free with a purchase of the computer. I use Norton, use to use mcafee but they are really annoying with their constant pop ups.Never used it even when it came free with a purchase of the computer. I use Norton, use to use mcafee but they are really annoying with their constant pop ups.They proved the issue was an NSA agent turning OFF his kapersky to run an iso of Microsoft 2013, stop trying to damage the company that's run my AV superbly for 10 yearsThey proved the issue was an NSA agent turning OFF his kapersky to run an iso of Microsoft 2013, stop trying to damage the company that's run my AV superbly for 10 yearsThey proved the issue was an NSA agent turning OFF his kapersky to run an iso of Microsoft 2013, stop trying to damage the company that's run my AV superbly for 10 yearsThe BBC article didn't report on it, and I couldn't find any additional details regarding the fate of the repealing of Section 117(d)(5) of the tax code where tuition waivers would now become part of a grad student's taxable income. But as a former graduate school student and research assistant, I don't expect the outcome to be good, and it both baffles and infuriates me to no end that this ridiculous Republican / Trump tax plan is essentially going to bankrupt the overwhelming majority of graduate students studying in the United States. With a tuition waiver effectively turning into a taxable (income) benefit, graduate students will be on the hook for paying taxes on a never-received $70k+ annual salary when their actual pay is more likely to be in the $20 - $30k range.
America is the undisputed global leader in the Research and Academic world precisely because of all the talents it has attracted from all over the world. When there is a coordinated plan from the federal government (and its idiot "leader") to systematically bankrupt anyone for going into grad school, what do you think is going to happen to this research and academic community? And where would that leave the USA in terms of global leadership and innovation?
Even at the undergraduate level, this tax benefit repeal is going to shake the entire university system to its core. Universities run because they leverage on grad students to be their front end grunt workers. TAs lead tutorials and grades homework. They hold office hours and work directly with the clueless undergrads at the front lines while the prof just do the high level stuff. If there are no grad students to fulfill these duties, the undergraduate level studies screech to a grinding halt as well.
I suppose that's exactly what Trump and the GOP senators want? 🤦‍♂️😠🤬The BBC article didn't report on it, and I couldn't find any additional details regarding the fate of the repealing of Section 117(d)(5) of the tax code where tuition waivers would now become part of a grad student's taxable income. But as a former graduate school student and research assistant, I don't expect the outcome to be good, and it both baffles and infuriates me to no end that this ridiculous Republican / Trump tax plan is essentially going to bankrupt the overwhelming majority of graduate students studying in the United States. With a tuition waiver effectively turning into a taxable (income) benefit, graduate students will be on the hook for paying taxes on a never-received $70k+ annual salary when their actual pay is more likely to be in the $20 - $30k range.
I suppose that's exactly what Trump and the GOP senators want? 🤦‍♂️😠🤬I would have thought that the remotest in Florida would’ve been any number of the uninhabited islands in the keys. It’s still land. Their criteria of using road distance as a gauge is a bit odd to me. If I want really remote, I don’t want roads anywhere.Where my friend June lives..Even the USPS has a problem finding her house.Where my friend June lives..Even the USPS has a problem finding her house.Where my friend June lives..Even the USPS has a problem finding her house.This Terrorist thing is a real problem !
In the old days somebody would leave a bag on a train or a bus and you would think “That’s mine 😜 Thank you very much “
And Now you don’t ! 😂Named what ever you want. But one thing our world must have known. Religion is different for terrorist action. Bad action act by few people. But followers for any religion are by billion. Especially  victim in our time Islam. Islam is teaching peace and tolerance. Please stop blaming Islam. Blame for bad people. And bad people found in every religion and society.Named what ever you want. But one thing our world must have known. Religion is different for terrorist action. Bad action act by few people. But followers for any religion are by billion. Especially  victim in our time Islam. Islam is teaching peace and tolerance. Please stop blaming Islam. Blame for bad people. And bad people found in every religion and society.Named what ever you want. But one thing our world must have known. Religion is different for terrorist action. Bad action act by few people. But followers for any religion are by billion. Especially  victim in our time Islam. Islam is teaching peace and tolerance. Please stop blaming Islam. Blame for bad people. And bad people found in every religion and society.That clergyman needs some counseling and remedial theological education. Talk about an abuse of his position, and of prayer. If he wants the church to become inclusive of LGBT folks, maybe he should pray for that and then work towards it!That clergyman needs some counseling and remedial theological education. Talk about an abuse of his position, and of prayer. If he wants the church to become inclusive of LGBT folks, maybe he should pray for that and then work towards it!That clergyman needs some counseling and remedial theological education. Talk about an abuse of his position, and of prayer. If he wants the church to become inclusive of LGBT folks, maybe he should pray for that and then work towards it!Look, the little boy is four years old, leave him alone. He’ll find out for himself when he grows up who he wants to be with and who wants to be with him. He certainly doesn’t need some religious bod trying to hijack his future. (PS/ I’m a happily married gay man myself, but I certainly would not presume, as this clergyman has done, to try and rob this little boy of his years of simple childhood innocence.)Look, the little boy is four years old, leave him alone. He’ll find out for himself when he grows up who he wants to be with and who wants to be with him. He certainly doesn’t need some religious bod trying to hijack his future. (PS/ I’m a happily married gay man myself, but I certainly would not presume, as this clergyman has done, to try and rob this little boy of his years of simple childhood innocence.)Look, the little boy is four years old, leave him alone. He’ll find out for himself when he grows up who he wants to be with and who wants to be with him. He certainly doesn’t need some religious bod trying to hijack his future. (PS/ I’m a happily married gay man myself, but I certainly would not presume, as this clergyman has done, to try and rob this little boy of his years of simple childhood innocence.)Obnoxious remark for anyone to make about any child however it’s all the more worrying that this individual,who claims to be a man of the cloth, is even thinking about the sex lives of very young children. I’d have thought the Church would be wanting to avoid further associations.Obnoxious remark for anyone to make about any child however it’s all the more worrying that this individual,who claims to be a man of the cloth, is even thinking about the sex lives of very young children. I’d have thought the Church would be wanting to avoid further associations.Obnoxious remark for anyone to make about any child however it’s all the more worrying that this individual,who claims to be a man of the cloth, is even thinking about the sex lives of very young children. I’d have thought the Church would be wanting to avoid further associations.Obnoxious remark for anyone to make about any child however it’s all the more worrying that this individual,who claims to be a man of the cloth, is even thinking about the sex lives of very young children. I’d have thought the Church would be wanting to avoid further associations.Obnoxious remark for anyone to make about any child however it’s all the more worrying that this individual,who claims to be a man of the cloth, is even thinking about the sex lives of very young children. I’d have thought the Church would be wanting to avoid further associations.Obnoxious remark for anyone to make about any child however it’s all the more worrying that this individual,who claims to be a man of the cloth, is even thinking about the sex lives of very young children. I’d have thought the Church would be wanting to avoid further associations.Obnoxious remark for anyone to make about any child however it’s all the more worrying that this individual,who claims to be a man of the cloth, is even thinking about the sex lives of very young children. I’d have thought the Church would be wanting to avoid further associations.Heresy. Very British problem now is whether to eat it and enjoy it whilst frowning and tutting orrrr...argue that its not a pig in a blanket. It's a python in a duffle coat with a thermal pair of underpants.Heresy. Very British problem now is whether to eat it and enjoy it whilst frowning and tutting orrrr...argue that its not a pig in a blanket. It's a python in a duffle coat with a thermal pair of underpants.Heresy. Very British problem now is whether to eat it and enjoy it whilst frowning and tutting orrrr...argue that its not a pig in a blanket. It's a python in a duffle coat with a thermal pair of underpants.Heresy. Very British problem now is whether to eat it and enjoy it whilst frowning and tutting orrrr...argue that its not a pig in a blanket. It's a python in a duffle coat with a thermal pair of underpants.Heresy. Very British problem now is whether to eat it and enjoy it whilst frowning and tutting orrrr...argue that its not a pig in a blanket. It's a python in a duffle coat with a thermal pair of underpants.Heresy. Very British problem now is whether to eat it and enjoy it whilst frowning and tutting orrrr...argue that its not a pig in a blanket. It's a python in a duffle coat with a thermal pair of underpants.As a Quebecer I found this motion utterly absurd as the PQ (Parti Quebecois) wants to avoid learning the English language or any other languages at all cost though .Sadly there are some people in this province that are stock up to death and it puts me ashamed really .As a Quebecer I found this motion utterly absurd as the PQ (Parti Quebecois) wants to avoid learning the English language or any other languages at all cost though .Sadly there are some people in this province that are stock up to death and it puts me ashamed really .As a Quebecer I found this motion utterly absurd as the PQ (Parti Quebecois) wants to avoid learning the English language or any other languages at all cost though .Sadly there are some people in this province that are stock up to death and it puts me ashamed really .As a Quebecer I found this motion utterly absurd as the PQ (Parti Quebecois) wants to avoid learning the English language or any other languages at all cost though .Sadly there are some people in this province that are stock up to death and it puts me ashamed really .As a Quebecer I found this motion utterly absurd as the PQ (Parti Quebecois) wants to avoid learning the English language or any other languages at all cost though .Sadly there are some people in this province that are stock up to death and it puts me ashamed really .As a Quebecer I found this motion utterly absurd as the PQ (Parti Quebecois) wants to avoid learning the English language or any other languages at all cost though .Sadly there are some people in this province that are stock up to death and it puts me ashamed really .FAKE NEWS!!! Do not mistake us for our neighbors to the south. It was a motion to suggest shopkeepers to keep service in French. Too often we are greeted AND served in English even when it is made clear that our language is French. Stop saying that we have a «language police», this is untrue. We just want to keep the French Canadian culture alive inside the 330 million strong English speaking North America.FAKE NEWS!!! Do not mistake us for our neighbors to the south. It was a motion to suggest shopkeepers to keep service in French. Too often we are greeted AND served in English even when it is made clear that our language is French. Stop saying that we have a «language police», this is untrue. We just want to keep the French Canadian culture alive inside the 330 million strong English speaking North America.While reporting on these issues its worth to mention the difficult and sometimes tragic history of French Canada. Brits tried their best to oppress the French, but failed.
People there are proud of their culture and want to protect it, so let it be.While reporting on these issues its worth to mention the difficult and sometimes tragic history of French Canada. Brits tried their best to oppress the French, but failed.
People there are proud of their culture and want to protect it, so let it be.This is why I don't want the US to go bilingual English/Spanish.  It splits the country when it should be United.  We have had many immigrations of large groups of people....Germans, Irish, Italians, Spanish speakers.  Never until now have we seen a group less amenable to speaking English which is our lingua franca or common language.This is why I don't want the US to go bilingual English/Spanish.  It splits the country when it should be United.  We have had many immigrations of large groups of people....Germans, Irish, Italians, Spanish speakers.  Never until now have we seen a group less amenable to speaking English which is our lingua franca or common language.I hope this works for them, as she is worlds apart from Harry. She may not be happy to bow down to protocol, as Kate does. An american woman, strongly independent and with a mind of her own, might find life within the royal family restrictive, and get frustrated and homesick. She stood on her own feet before Harry came along, and I don't get the impression Harry would give up his royal privileges "for the woman he loves". That said, I sincerely wish them both the best for their future life together.I hope this works for them, as she is worlds apart from Harry. She may not be happy to bow down to protocol, as Kate does. An american woman, strongly independent and with a mind of her own, might find life within the royal family restrictive, and get frustrated and homesick. She stood on her own feet before Harry came along, and I don't get the impression Harry would give up his royal privileges "for the woman he loves". That said, I sincerely wish them both the best for their future life together.I hope this works for them, as she is worlds apart from Harry. She may not be happy to bow down to protocol, as Kate does. An american woman, strongly independent and with a mind of her own, might find life within the royal family restrictive, and get frustrated and homesick. She stood on her own feet before Harry came along, and I don't get the impression Harry would give up his royal privileges "for the woman he loves". That said, I sincerely wish them both the best for their future life together.I hope this works for them, as she is worlds apart from Harry. She may not be happy to bow down to protocol, as Kate does. An american woman, strongly independent and with a mind of her own, might find life within the royal family restrictive, and get frustrated and homesick. She stood on her own feet before Harry came along, and I don't get the impression Harry would give up his royal privileges "for the woman he loves". That said, I sincerely wish them both the best for their future life together.I hope this works for them, as she is worlds apart from Harry. She may not be happy to bow down to protocol, as Kate does. An american woman, strongly independent and with a mind of her own, might find life within the royal family restrictive, and get frustrated and homesick. She stood on her own feet before Harry came along, and I don't get the impression Harry would give up his royal privileges "for the woman he loves". That said, I sincerely wish them both the best for their future life together.Isn't it sad though that these women need to keep their protection secret from the men. This is a small action that hopefully will protect a lot of people. But does nothing to solve the cultural issues, that are one of the main causes of many problems.Isn't it sad though that these women need to keep their protection secret from the men. This is a small action that hopefully will protect a lot of people. But does nothing to solve the cultural issues, that are one of the main causes of many problems.Isn't it sad though that these women need to keep their protection secret from the men. This is a small action that hopefully will protect a lot of people. But does nothing to solve the cultural issues, that are one of the main causes of many problems.Isn't it sad though that these women need to keep their protection secret from the men. This is a small action that hopefully will protect a lot of people. But does nothing to solve the cultural issues, that are one of the main causes of many problems.Isn't it sad though that these women need to keep their protection secret from the men. This is a small action that hopefully will protect a lot of people. But does nothing to solve the cultural issues, that are one of the main causes of many problems.Isn't it sad though that these women need to keep their protection secret from the men. This is a small action that hopefully will protect a lot of people. But does nothing to solve the cultural issues, that are one of the main causes of many problems.Men also need to make aware- education, health and social awareness are really important for the issue. I feel sad for these women who are not getting proper Honor and rights that they deserve from their men!🙄Men also need to make aware- education, health and social awareness are really important for the issue. I feel sad for these women who are not getting proper Honor and rights that they deserve from their men!🙄This is lovely to see and why not?
 Thankfully she don't work for that pratt Richard Branson as he would have sacked her at 40! He only wants "dollie birds"  to work for him.
Good for her and she's still capable of doing her job.Heart-warming but one of my main thoughts was, here are two men who's lives have been massively impacted by unwanted pregnancies and children that people can't afford to care for emotionally and financiallyHeart-warming but one of my main thoughts was, here are two men who's lives have been massively impacted by unwanted pregnancies and children that people can't afford to care for emotionally and financiallyHeart-warming but one of my main thoughts was, here are two men who's lives have been massively impacted by unwanted pregnancies and children that people can't afford to care for emotionally and financiallyHeart-warming but one of my main thoughts was, here are two men who's lives have been massively impacted by unwanted pregnancies and children that people can't afford to care for emotionally and financiallyHeart-warming but one of my main thoughts was, here are two men who's lives have been massively impacted by unwanted pregnancies and children that people can't afford to care for emotionally and financiallyHeart-warming but one of my main thoughts was, here are two men who's lives have been massively impacted by unwanted pregnancies and children that people can't afford to care for emotionally and financiallyshame the bbc cant focus on things like homelessness we might solve the problem, just keep bashing trump all day . . . . .shame the bbc cant focus on things like homelessness we might solve the problem, just keep bashing trump all day . . . . .shame the bbc cant focus on things like homelessness we might solve the problem, just keep bashing trump all day . . . . .shame the bbc cant focus on things like homelessness we might solve the problem, just keep bashing trump all day . . . . .shame the bbc cant focus on things like homelessness we might solve the problem, just keep bashing trump all day . . . . .I wish them the best. These are the same sentiments I had when I started to write "identity and family law in Botswana". Sure when a child tells you " I want to know my absent parent" understand beyond the statement. This book recognizes the influence of heredity and believes that families members should always identify together and connect. You see how their dimples really make sense to us. Nations must pave way for family members to access each other in different countries.So how many more of those incidents need to happen for the society to address this issue rationally? This isn't an issue between the right and left, keeping out dangerous people should be on all parties agendas.So how many more of those incidents need to happen for the society to address this issue rationally? This isn't an issue between the right and left, keeping out dangerous people should be on all parties agendas.So how many more of those incidents need to happen for the society to address this issue rationally? This isn't an issue between the right and left, keeping out dangerous people should be on all parties agendas.So how many more of those incidents need to happen for the society to address this issue rationally? This isn't an issue between the right and left, keeping out dangerous people should be on all parties agendas.So how many more of those incidents need to happen for the society to address this issue rationally? This isn't an issue between the right and left, keeping out dangerous people should be on all parties agendas.Well, I am from Germany and scared to visit Xmas markets with my children. BUT this case is suspicious. My feeling that this fakenailbomb was sent by a far-right-group or any other person who wants to bring more hate against refugees.Well, I am from Germany and scared to visit Xmas markets with my children. BUT this case is suspicious. My feeling that this fakenailbomb was sent by a far-right-group or any other person who wants to bring more hate against refugees.Well, I am from Germany and scared to visit Xmas markets with my children. BUT this case is suspicious. My feeling that this fakenailbomb was sent by a far-right-group or any other person who wants to bring more hate against refugees.Well, I am from Germany and scared to visit Xmas markets with my children. BUT this case is suspicious. My feeling that this fakenailbomb was sent by a far-right-group or any other person who wants to bring more hate against refugees.Well, I am from Germany and scared to visit Xmas markets with my children. BUT this case is suspicious. My feeling that this fakenailbomb was sent by a far-right-group or any other person who wants to bring more hate against refugees.I know we all want the same thing for this troubled world. Peace. Tolerance. Love. And understanding of all faiths. That is what I would like for Christmas anyway.I know we all want the same thing for this troubled world. Peace. Tolerance. Love. And understanding of all faiths. That is what I would like for Christmas anyway.REAL Nazis, not 'Trumpzis', ok.?! Big difference. 😎
To this day, can you actually believe people think this never happened.?! Like the mounds of teeth ripped out of Jewish mouths for their gold fillings. "Its all part of a conspiracy.!!" *sighs* 😑REAL Nazis, not 'Trumpzis', ok.?! Big difference. 😎
To this day, can you actually believe people think this never happened.?! Like the mounds of teeth ripped out of Jewish mouths for their gold fillings. "Its all part of a conspiracy.!!" *sighs* 😑Never to be forgotten.
To all though making parallels to modern day issues in the west get a grip, you are trying to obtain political mileage out of genocide you fools.I sometimes wish people who eat smelly food on public transport would be arrested...I sometimes wish people who eat smelly food on public transport would be arrested...I sometimes wish people who eat smelly food on public transport would be arrested...Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.Since, Indian economy has surpassed the UK’s last year, all news channels have lost their minds. Almost every 5th article in every newspaper is trying hard to proof how much filthy India is. To be honest that’s really cute of you giving so much attention to an incident as small as a bus incident happening in some corner of such a huge nation that not even its citizen, living in its vicinity are bothered. And our news house don’t ever bother reporting anything on the UK except how it is giving shelter to criminals who have laundered huge amounts of money from India and are hiding in London, even though their passports have been cancelled by Indian govt., just because they are providing some money to the UK. Its a shame. Best way of living is introspecting ourselves. Don’t bother yourselves with India, solve your own problems first. We can take care ourselves. And also, whateven problem we have over there it has nothing to with the UK anymore. Colonialism ended 70 yrs back, it will serve both of us better if we shed that kind of mindset.BBC please this is not worth news yo report instead of updating us whether slave trade has stopped in Libya or still going on,you guys are here reporting minor issuesHey BBC, yet one more time you people proved Mark Twain's quote “If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.” right.
Well there are serious problems like farmers rally in Delhi, EVM machine tampering in UP elections, Justice Loya's death, and why Indian media is distracting Indian citizens with Padhmavati BS rather than showing news that matter.
And BBC is ranting over smelly socks.Hey BBC, yet one more time you people proved Mark Twain's quote “If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're mis-informed.” right.
And BBC is ranting over smelly socks.Why in this very judgemental world we hurt feelings instead of understanding and help, why in this world we penalise instead of offering a hand and solution, on top of all the problems in the universe amidst of more important issues, crimes to tackle and solve.Why in this very judgemental world we hurt feelings instead of understanding and help, why in this world we penalise instead of offering a hand and solution, on top of all the problems in the universe amidst of more important issues, crimes to tackle and solve.Why in this very judgemental world we hurt feelings instead of understanding and help, why in this world we penalise instead of offering a hand and solution, on top of all the problems in the universe amidst of more important issues, crimes to tackle and solve.Why in this very judgemental world we hurt feelings instead of understanding and help, why in this world we penalise instead of offering a hand and solution, on top of all the problems in the universe amidst of more important issues, crimes to tackle and solve.Why in this very judgemental world we hurt feelings instead of understanding and help, why in this world we penalise instead of offering a hand and solution, on top of all the problems in the universe amidst of more important issues, crimes to tackle and solve.Why in this very judgemental world we hurt feelings instead of understanding and help, why in this world we penalise instead of offering a hand and solution, on top of all the problems in the universe amidst of more important issues, crimes to tackle and solve.Why in this very judgemental world we hurt feelings instead of understanding and help, why in this world we penalise instead of offering a hand and solution, on top of all the problems in the universe amidst of more important issues, crimes to tackle and solve.Why in this very judgemental world we hurt feelings instead of understanding and help, why in this world we penalise instead of offering a hand and solution, on top of all the problems in the universe amidst of more important issues, crimes to tackle and solve.Why in this very judgemental world we hurt feelings instead of understanding and help, why in this world we penalise instead of offering a hand and solution, on top of all the problems in the universe amidst of more important issues, crimes to tackle and solve.Why in this very judgemental world we hurt feelings instead of understanding and help, why in this world we penalise instead of offering a hand and solution, on top of all the problems in the universe amidst of more important issues, crimes to tackle and solve.Is this something worth reporting? Horrible journalism. Was following this page to get real news. Now unfollowing. Looks like BBC has a school kid handling its facebook posts. Moreover, most facebook posts of yours on India is as though you are belittling it. By the way, India is moving ahead swiftly in all areas and it will soon overtake UK in terms of economy. Hope BBC becomes more matured in its outlook and reports on real issues which will first help its own country (UK) improve. Good bye.Is this something worth reporting? Horrible journalism. Was following this page to get real news. Now unfollowing. Looks like BBC has a school kid handling its facebook posts. Moreover, most facebook posts of yours on India is as though you are belittling it. By the way, India is moving ahead swiftly in all areas and it will soon overtake UK in terms of economy. Hope BBC becomes more matured in its outlook and reports on real issues which will first help its own country (UK) improve. Good bye.Is this something worth reporting? Horrible journalism. Was following this page to get real news. Now unfollowing. Looks like BBC has a school kid handling its facebook posts. Moreover, most facebook posts of yours on India is as though you are belittling it. By the way, India is moving ahead swiftly in all areas and it will soon overtake UK in terms of economy. Hope BBC becomes more matured in its outlook and reports on real issues which will first help its own country (UK) improve. Good bye.Is this something worth reporting? Horrible journalism. Was following this page to get real news. Now unfollowing. Looks like BBC has a school kid handling its facebook posts. Moreover, most facebook posts of yours on India is as though you are belittling it. By the way, India is moving ahead swiftly in all areas and it will soon overtake UK in terms of economy. Hope BBC becomes more matured in its outlook and reports on real issues which will first help its own country (UK) improve. Good bye.Is this something worth reporting? Horrible journalism. Was following this page to get real news. Now unfollowing. Looks like BBC has a school kid handling its facebook posts. Moreover, most facebook posts of yours on India is as though you are belittling it. By the way, India is moving ahead swiftly in all areas and it will soon overtake UK in terms of economy. Hope BBC becomes more matured in its outlook and reports on real issues which will first help its own country (UK) improve. Good bye.Is this something worth reporting? Horrible journalism. Was following this page to get real news. Now unfollowing. Looks like BBC has a school kid handling its facebook posts. Moreover, most facebook posts of yours on India is as though you are belittling it. By the way, India is moving ahead swiftly in all areas and it will soon overtake UK in terms of economy. Hope BBC becomes more matured in its outlook and reports on real issues which will first help its own country (UK) improve. Good bye.Is this something worth reporting? Horrible journalism. Was following this page to get real news. Now unfollowing. Looks like BBC has a school kid handling its facebook posts. Moreover, most facebook posts of yours on India is as though you are belittling it. By the way, India is moving ahead swiftly in all areas and it will soon overtake UK in terms of economy. Hope BBC becomes more matured in its outlook and reports on real issues which will first help its own country (UK) improve. Good bye.Is this something worth reporting? Horrible journalism. Was following this page to get real news. Now unfollowing. Looks like BBC has a school kid handling its facebook posts. Moreover, most facebook posts of yours on India is as though you are belittling it. By the way, India is moving ahead swiftly in all areas and it will soon overtake UK in terms of economy. Hope BBC becomes more matured in its outlook and reports on real issues which will first help its own country (UK) improve. Good bye.I don't understand  why so many stinky people can not smell themselves...this is horrible. ..do they have problems in thier nose or sense of smell?I don't understand  why so many stinky people can not smell themselves...this is horrible. ..do they have problems in thier nose or sense of smell?I don't understand  why so many stinky people can not smell themselves...this is horrible. ..do they have problems in thier nose or sense of smell?I don't understand  why so many stinky people can not smell themselves...this is horrible. ..do they have problems in thier nose or sense of smell?Try less humans, not more resource construction/consumption.  That's the real problem.  Seven billion, and counting.I live in the state where this has been installed. We had problems with infrastructure in our power supply largely caused by conservative governments of the past who privatised everything. This can be brought online quickly when there is a sudden increase in demand or a problem in a power station. Although this will be helpful, I  think the future will be with large numbers of small batteries. I have solar panels on my roof and they would be enough to make me independent of the grid when battery prices become more affordable. South Australia is the greenest state in Australia as far as electricity production is concerned, averaging 30% renewable and sometime exceeding 50%.I live in the state where this has been installed. We had problems with infrastructure in our power supply largely caused by conservative governments of the past who privatised everything. This can be brought online quickly when there is a sudden increase in demand or a problem in a power station. Although this will be helpful, I  think the future will be with large numbers of small batteries. I have solar panels on my roof and they would be enough to make me independent of the grid when battery prices become more affordable. South Australia is the greenest state in Australia as far as electricity production is concerned, averaging 30% renewable and sometime exceeding 50%.I live in the state where this has been installed. We had problems with infrastructure in our power supply largely caused by conservative governments of the past who privatised everything. This can be brought online quickly when there is a sudden increase in demand or a problem in a power station. Although this will be helpful, I  think the future will be with large numbers of small batteries. I have solar panels on my roof and they would be enough to make me independent of the grid when battery prices become more affordable. South Australia is the greenest state in Australia as far as electricity production is concerned, averaging 30% renewable and sometime exceeding 50%.How about some perspective from the Tesla lovers??  It's an array of batteries fed by a wind farm and designed to supply up to 100MW into the grid for an hour - supposedly enough for 30,000 homes.  How that's measured is anyone's guess because those homes will have airco blazing at least.  It's a marketing exercise and nothing more and goes a microstep towards solving real energy issues being experienced, not just by South Australia, but by the whole of Australia.  A battery won't fix those.The problem is doing it in work time on a work computer when he is in public office. He will forever be remembered for this and he will lose his job because of it. He should have waited until he was in the privacy of his own homeThe problem is doing it in work time on a work computer when he is in public office. He will forever be remembered for this and he will lose his job because of it. He should have waited until he was in the privacy of his own homeThere could be at least three reasons why this porn was on Damien Green's computers. 1) A staff member was viewing it. 2) Someone put it on there for a joke. 3) Someone purposely downloaded it to frame Damien Green. Also, I am no computer expert but could it be downloaded externally? I know I get stuff on my computer, I do not want and have never asked for.So a retired Met detective decides that the best route to report this is through the media .
If there were any offences I would have thought he would know it was a police matter ( why wasn’t it done at the time if so)
If the material isn’t illegal then there’s no story and it’s an internal matter .
Seems he wants his 5 minutes of fame
And then what every happened to him being bound by the Official Secrets ActI need to understand what the issue really is ... Porn?? Using personal emails?? Browsing porn while in office?? Like ... if he is not watching bestiality or child porn .... what's the furor about?? We tend to forget that people, no matter how senior, are human beings with human emotions. I would condemn him for viewing Porn in office and get him therapy, but NOT drag him over hot coals.I need to understand what the issue really is ... Porn?? Using personal emails?? Browsing porn while in office?? Like ... if he is not watching bestiality or child porn .... what's the furor about?? We tend to forget that people, no matter how senior, are human beings with human emotions. I would condemn him for viewing Porn in office and get him therapy, but NOT drag him over hot coals.I need to understand what the issue really is ... Porn?? Using personal emails?? Browsing porn while in office?? Like ... if he is not watching bestiality or child porn .... what's the furor about?? We tend to forget that people, no matter how senior, are human beings with human emotions. I would condemn him for viewing Porn in office and get him therapy, but NOT drag him over hot coals.I need to understand what the issue really is ... Porn?? Using personal emails?? Browsing porn while in office?? Like ... if he is not watching bestiality or child porn .... what's the furor about?? We tend to forget that people, no matter how senior, are human beings with human emotions. I would condemn him for viewing Porn in office and get him therapy, but NOT drag him over hot coals.I need to understand what the issue really is ... Porn?? Using personal emails?? Browsing porn while in office?? Like ... if he is not watching bestiality or child porn .... what's the furor about?? We tend to forget that people, no matter how senior, are human beings with human emotions. I would condemn him for viewing Porn in office and get him therapy, but NOT drag him over hot coals.I need to understand what the issue really is ... Porn?? Using personal emails?? Browsing porn while in office?? Like ... if he is not watching bestiality or child porn .... what's the furor about?? We tend to forget that people, no matter how senior, are human beings with human emotions. I would condemn him for viewing Porn in office and get him therapy, but NOT drag him over hot coals.Does that mean it was Damien Green's personal PC? No one has actually stated it was his personal machine. The press are hell bent on creating an issue where there is none.I'm not surprised. Any time I go in to  try and actually do a transaction with the counter staff, you get pounced on by a lurking manager and directed to the machines that they now have for paying things in. It's more than a little annoying.I'm not surprised. Any time I go in to  try and actually do a transaction with the counter staff, you get pounced on by a lurking manager and directed to the machines that they now have for paying things in. It's more than a little annoying.I'm not surprised. Any time I go in to  try and actually do a transaction with the counter staff, you get pounced on by a lurking manager and directed to the machines that they now have for paying things in. It's more than a little annoying.I'm not surprised. Any time I go in to  try and actually do a transaction with the counter staff, you get pounced on by a lurking manager and directed to the machines that they now have for paying things in. It's more than a little annoying.Why don't they consider all the older people who don't want to do online banking there's millions of people who still don't have or understand computers , some have children and grandchildren to help but not all , I feel for all the older folk who live in the country , also have you ever stood in a queue at the post office or bank where an elderly person is in tears of frustration because they can't remember their pin - technology is fine for those that want to use it but spare a thought for those without choice.Why don't they consider all the older people who don't want to do online banking there's millions of people who still don't have or understand computers , some have children and grandchildren to help but not all , I feel for all the older folk who live in the country , also have you ever stood in a queue at the post office or bank where an elderly person is in tears of frustration because they can't remember their pin - technology is fine for those that want to use it but spare a thought for those without choice.Why don't they consider all the older people who don't want to do online banking there's millions of people who still don't have or understand computers , some have children and grandchildren to help but not all , I feel for all the older folk who live in the country , also have you ever stood in a queue at the post office or bank where an elderly person is in tears of frustration because they can't remember their pin - technology is fine for those that want to use it but spare a thought for those without choice.Why don't they consider all the older people who don't want to do online banking there's millions of people who still don't have or understand computers , some have children and grandchildren to help but not all , I feel for all the older folk who live in the country , also have you ever stood in a queue at the post office or bank where an elderly person is in tears of frustration because they can't remember their pin - technology is fine for those that want to use it but spare a thought for those without choice.Why don't they consider all the older people who don't want to do online banking there's millions of people who still don't have or understand computers , some have children and grandchildren to help but not all , I feel for all the older folk who live in the country , also have you ever stood in a queue at the post office or bank where an elderly person is in tears of frustration because they can't remember their pin - technology is fine for those that want to use it but spare a thought for those without choice.Why don't they consider all the older people who don't want to do online banking there's millions of people who still don't have or understand computers , some have children and grandchildren to help but not all , I feel for all the older folk who live in the country , also have you ever stood in a queue at the post office or bank where an elderly person is in tears of frustration because they can't remember their pin - technology is fine for those that want to use it but spare a thought for those without choice.Why don't they consider all the older people who don't want to do online banking there's millions of people who still don't have or understand computers , some have children and grandchildren to help but not all , I feel for all the older folk who live in the country , also have you ever stood in a queue at the post office or bank where an elderly person is in tears of frustration because they can't remember their pin - technology is fine for those that want to use it but spare a thought for those without choice.Why don't they consider all the older people who don't want to do online banking there's millions of people who still don't have or understand computers , some have children and grandchildren to help but not all , I feel for all the older folk who live in the country , also have you ever stood in a queue at the post office or bank where an elderly person is in tears of frustration because they can't remember their pin - technology is fine for those that want to use it but spare a thought for those without choice.Why don't they consider all the older people who don't want to do online banking there's millions of people who still don't have or understand computers , some have children and grandchildren to help but not all , I feel for all the older folk who live in the country , also have you ever stood in a queue at the post office or bank where an elderly person is in tears of frustration because they can't remember their pin - technology is fine for those that want to use it but spare a thought for those without choice.Why don't they consider all the older people who don't want to do online banking there's millions of people who still don't have or understand computers , some have children and grandchildren to help but not all , I feel for all the older folk who live in the country , also have you ever stood in a queue at the post office or bank where an elderly person is in tears of frustration because they can't remember their pin - technology is fine for those that want to use it but spare a thought for those without choice.Why don't they consider all the older people who don't want to do online banking there's millions of people who still don't have or understand computers , some have children and grandchildren to help but not all , I feel for all the older folk who live in the country , also have you ever stood in a queue at the post office or bank where an elderly person is in tears of frustration because they can't remember their pin - technology is fine for those that want to use it but spare a thought for those without choice.It’s a terrible situ 4 the staff and loss of jobs but should come 2 no surprise really, the world is changing as is technology and people who either can’t or refuse 2 adapt will need to find alternative ways 2 bank, personally I have not needed to or wanted to enter a branch in probably 5 years, everything I do is predominantly on my mobile or online, refuse 2 carry cash so barely go near a cashline, sad reality for some but really need to get with the timesIt’s a terrible situ 4 the staff and loss of jobs but should come 2 no surprise really, the world is changing as is technology and people who either can’t or refuse 2 adapt will need to find alternative ways 2 bank, personally I have not needed to or wanted to enter a branch in probably 5 years, everything I do is predominantly on my mobile or online, refuse 2 carry cash so barely go near a cashline, sad reality for some but really need to get with the timesIt’s a terrible situ 4 the staff and loss of jobs but should come 2 no surprise really, the world is changing as is technology and people who either can’t or refuse 2 adapt will need to find alternative ways 2 bank, personally I have not needed to or wanted to enter a branch in probably 5 years, everything I do is predominantly on my mobile or online, refuse 2 carry cash so barely go near a cashline, sad reality for some but really need to get with the timesIt’s a terrible situ 4 the staff and loss of jobs but should come 2 no surprise really, the world is changing as is technology and people who either can’t or refuse 2 adapt will need to find alternative ways 2 bank, personally I have not needed to or wanted to enter a branch in probably 5 years, everything I do is predominantly on my mobile or online, refuse 2 carry cash so barely go near a cashline, sad reality for some but really need to get with the timesIt’s a terrible situ 4 the staff and loss of jobs but should come 2 no surprise really, the world is changing as is technology and people who either can’t or refuse 2 adapt will need to find alternative ways 2 bank, personally I have not needed to or wanted to enter a branch in probably 5 years, everything I do is predominantly on my mobile or online, refuse 2 carry cash so barely go near a cashline, sad reality for some but really need to get with the timesIt’s a terrible situ 4 the staff and loss of jobs but should come 2 no surprise really, the world is changing as is technology and people who either can’t or refuse 2 adapt will need to find alternative ways 2 bank, personally I have not needed to or wanted to enter a branch in probably 5 years, everything I do is predominantly on my mobile or online, refuse 2 carry cash so barely go near a cashline, sad reality for some but really need to get with the timesIt’s a terrible situ 4 the staff and loss of jobs but should come 2 no surprise really, the world is changing as is technology and people who either can’t or refuse 2 adapt will need to find alternative ways 2 bank, personally I have not needed to or wanted to enter a branch in probably 5 years, everything I do is predominantly on my mobile or online, refuse 2 carry cash so barely go near a cashline, sad reality for some but really need to get with the timesIt’s a terrible situ 4 the staff and loss of jobs but should come 2 no surprise really, the world is changing as is technology and people who either can’t or refuse 2 adapt will need to find alternative ways 2 bank, personally I have not needed to or wanted to enter a branch in probably 5 years, everything I do is predominantly on my mobile or online, refuse 2 carry cash so barely go near a cashline, sad reality for some but really need to get with the timesThis person does not bank online, I want to speak to a real person in a real bank......our local branch of RBS has closed and we have to make a 20 mile journey to the nearest.  So I've decided to give RBS what they want, to get rid of small account holders and transfer to another bank 😁😁😁This person does not bank online, I want to speak to a real person in a real bank......our local branch of RBS has closed and we have to make a 20 mile journey to the nearest.  So I've decided to give RBS what they want, to get rid of small account holders and transfer to another bank 😁😁😁Norway started 5 years ago the cash machines have started disappearing now too kos everyone is just using cards to pay at shops etc. And the banks have said they are working hard to go cashless the charges have went up if you want to with draw cash just to have some money in your pocket too with the hole in the walls that are still out there.And if you ever do see a bank in the street chances are they wont be of any use to you as they will only deal with property. Its funny how days are changing now.Norway started 5 years ago the cash machines have started disappearing now too kos everyone is just using cards to pay at shops etc. And the banks have said they are working hard to go cashless the charges have went up if you want to with draw cash just to have some money in your pocket too with the hole in the walls that are still out there.And if you ever do see a bank in the street chances are they wont be of any use to you as they will only deal with property. Its funny how days are changing now.Norway started 5 years ago the cash machines have started disappearing now too kos everyone is just using cards to pay at shops etc. And the banks have said they are working hard to go cashless the charges have went up if you want to with draw cash just to have some money in your pocket too with the hole in the walls that are still out there.And if you ever do see a bank in the street chances are they wont be of any use to you as they will only deal with property. Its funny how days are changing now.Norway started 5 years ago the cash machines have started disappearing now too kos everyone is just using cards to pay at shops etc. And the banks have said they are working hard to go cashless the charges have went up if you want to with draw cash just to have some money in your pocket too with the hole in the walls that are still out there.And if you ever do see a bank in the street chances are they wont be of any use to you as they will only deal with property. Its funny how days are changing now.Norway started 5 years ago the cash machines have started disappearing now too kos everyone is just using cards to pay at shops etc. And the banks have said they are working hard to go cashless the charges have went up if you want to with draw cash just to have some money in your pocket too with the hole in the walls that are still out there.And if you ever do see a bank in the street chances are they wont be of any use to you as they will only deal with property. Its funny how days are changing now.Porn isn't an issue, but who the hell does that at work these days?! Never on a work laptop.That's a rookie error lolPorn isn't an issue, but who the hell does that at work these days?! Never on a work laptop.That's a rookie error lolSo is the problem that he viewed porn, or that he was doing personal stuff during work hours? Dont see what the big deal about porn is, its been clearly stated that all the images were perfectly legal - not even sure why they had to make this public knowledge; just punish him for faffing about when he should have been working like any other employee would be.So is the problem that he viewed porn, or that he was doing personal stuff during work hours? Dont see what the big deal about porn is, its been clearly stated that all the images were perfectly legal - not even sure why they had to make this public knowledge; just punish him for faffing about when he should have been working like any other employee would be.So is the problem that he viewed porn, or that he was doing personal stuff during work hours? Dont see what the big deal about porn is, its been clearly stated that all the images were perfectly legal - not even sure why they had to make this public knowledge; just punish him for faffing about when he should have been working like any other employee would be.So is the problem that he viewed porn, or that he was doing personal stuff during work hours? Dont see what the big deal about porn is, its been clearly stated that all the images were perfectly legal - not even sure why they had to make this public knowledge; just punish him for faffing about when he should have been working like any other employee would be.So is the problem that he viewed porn, or that he was doing personal stuff during work hours? Dont see what the big deal about porn is, its been clearly stated that all the images were perfectly legal - not even sure why they had to make this public knowledge; just punish him for faffing about when he should have been working like any other employee would be.Never mind the (legal) porn. That cop is totally out of order disclosing confidential information and simply wants his 15 minutes of fame. Green wasn't charged with any offence and they'd have trouble proving it was him who watched, or downloaded such stuff, just because it was on his computer.Never mind the (legal) porn. That cop is totally out of order disclosing confidential information and simply wants his 15 minutes of fame. Green wasn't charged with any offence and they'd have trouble proving it was him who watched, or downloaded such stuff, just because it was on his computer.Never mind the (legal) porn. That cop is totally out of order disclosing confidential information and simply wants his 15 minutes of fame. Green wasn't charged with any offence and they'd have trouble proving it was him who watched, or downloaded such stuff, just because it was on his computer.There could be at least three reasons why this porn was on Damien Green's computers. 1) A staff member was viewing it. 2) Someone put it on there for a joke. 3) Someone purposely downloaded it to frame Damien Green. Also, I am no computer expert but could it be downloaded externally? I know I get stuff on my computer, I do not want and have never asked for.Wouldn't be happy about him watching it during working hours that my taxes pay for. But after has clocked off-who cares? It's just porn. Unless it turns out to be some sort of illegal porn I can't see the problem. The ex copper divulging this information isn't good though.  I'd be more peeved at the ones who fall asleep or play candy crush in the debates.Wouldn't be happy about him watching it during working hours that my taxes pay for. But after has clocked off-who cares? It's just porn. Unless it turns out to be some sort of illegal porn I can't see the problem. The ex copper divulging this information isn't good though.  I'd be more peeved at the ones who fall asleep or play candy crush in the debates.Wouldn't be happy about him watching it during working hours that my taxes pay for. But after has clocked off-who cares? It's just porn. Unless it turns out to be some sort of illegal porn I can't see the problem. The ex copper divulging this information isn't good though.  I'd be more peeved at the ones who fall asleep or play candy crush in the debates.Wouldn't be happy about him watching it during working hours that my taxes pay for. But after has clocked off-who cares? It's just porn. Unless it turns out to be some sort of illegal porn I can't see the problem. The ex copper divulging this information isn't good though.  I'd be more peeved at the ones who fall asleep or play candy crush in the debates.Wouldn't be happy about him watching it during working hours that my taxes pay for. But after has clocked off-who cares? It's just porn. Unless it turns out to be some sort of illegal porn I can't see the problem. The ex copper divulging this information isn't good though.  I'd be more peeved at the ones who fall asleep or play candy crush in the debates.Wouldn't be happy about him watching it during working hours that my taxes pay for. But after has clocked off-who cares? It's just porn. Unless it turns out to be some sort of illegal porn I can't see the problem. The ex copper divulging this information isn't good though.  I'd be more peeved at the ones who fall asleep or play candy crush in the debates.Wouldn't be happy about him watching it during working hours that my taxes pay for. But after has clocked off-who cares? It's just porn. Unless it turns out to be some sort of illegal porn I can't see the problem. The ex copper divulging this information isn't good though.  I'd be more peeved at the ones who fall asleep or play candy crush in the debates.Wouldn't be happy about him watching it during working hours that my taxes pay for. But after has clocked off-who cares? It's just porn. Unless it turns out to be some sort of illegal porn I can't see the problem. The ex copper divulging this information isn't good though.  I'd be more peeved at the ones who fall asleep or play candy crush in the debates.Sadly because of immigration security protocol. Probably did not have the ability to secure and process a large number of  passengers entering the country unexpectedly  and then processing them again when they exit. There were 20 diverted flights on the ground which would consist of hundreds if not thousands of passengers to be processed.  I am NOT defending the airline as they do have issues but in reality weather issues and immigration issues seem to be the real problem.Sadly because of immigration security protocol. Probably did not have the ability to secure and process a large number of  passengers entering the country unexpectedly  and then processing them again when they exit. There were 20 diverted flights on the ground which would consist of hundreds if not thousands of passengers to be processed.  I am NOT defending the airline as they do have issues but in reality weather issues and immigration issues seem to be the real problem.Sadly because of immigration security protocol. Probably did not have the ability to secure and process a large number of  passengers entering the country unexpectedly  and then processing them again when they exit. There were 20 diverted flights on the ground which would consist of hundreds if not thousands of passengers to be processed.  I am NOT defending the airline as they do have issues but in reality weather issues and immigration issues seem to be the real problem.Sadly because of immigration security protocol. Probably did not have the ability to secure and process a large number of  passengers entering the country unexpectedly  and then processing them again when they exit. There were 20 diverted flights on the ground which would consist of hundreds if not thousands of passengers to be processed.  I am NOT defending the airline as they do have issues but in reality weather issues and immigration issues seem to be the real problem.Oh my. If they could, African migrants would be laughing right now. ‘Inadequate air conditioning. #roughingit #firstworldproblems6 hours held up in Montreal en route to Toronto from UK. Other Air Transat problems experienced. This airline needs to get their act together.6 hours held up in Montreal en route to Toronto from UK. Other Air Transat problems experienced. This airline needs to get their act together.6 hours held up in Montreal en route to Toronto from UK. Other Air Transat problems experienced. This airline needs to get their act together.They have been given a pass.  Flew with them In April, one toilet operating on an eight hour flight.  Air Transat knew the aircraft had this problem incoming.They have been given a pass.  Flew with them In April, one toilet operating on an eight hour flight.  Air Transat knew the aircraft had this problem incoming.I wish 80% of the fine would be divided among the passengers involved.I wish 80% of the fine would be divided among the passengers involved.Every day I wonder what my nation is becoming where we dehumanize our friends and neighbors and we lock up people in camps for wanting to live in America.
But European immigrants whine “but they’re ILLEGALS!!!” So were your grandparents.And the problem is?
If you are put in a Mexican jail, the facility is worse than anything you can imagine. Hot, dirty, no water, for bathing. Awful food. Terrifying surroundings.And the problem is?
If you are put in a Mexican jail, the facility is worse than anything you can imagine. Hot, dirty, no water, for bathing. Awful food. Terrifying surroundings.Complaining of poor treatment in detention, for breaking the law illegally entering a country...Enter legally, have a bit of respect for the country you're trying to enter -  problem solvedComplaining of poor treatment in detention, for breaking the law illegally entering a country...Enter legally, have a bit of respect for the country you're trying to enter -  problem solvedI wish more American citizens would read and understand the 14th amendment to the US Constitution, as any person on United States soil has the same constitutional rights as citizens. After all, human rights are universal. They can't just be "taken away" because you believe someone doesn't deserve them.BBC! Have you joined CNN and NBC in their decline into irrelevance. There are massive problems all over the globe that major media has a responsibility to research, verify, gauge the importance of and present to those who actually follow you. Does this story strike you as something of such importance? And if it does you need to present a truthful analysis and context, not just the journalistic one liner you have shown here!BBC! Have you joined CNN and NBC in their decline into irrelevance. There are massive problems all over the globe that major media has a responsibility to research, verify, gauge the importance of and present to those who actually follow you. Does this story strike you as something of such importance? And if it does you need to present a truthful analysis and context, not just the journalistic one liner you have shown here!BBC! Have you joined CNN and NBC in their decline into irrelevance. There are massive problems all over the globe that major media has a responsibility to research, verify, gauge the importance of and present to those who actually follow you. Does this story strike you as something of such importance? And if it does you need to present a truthful analysis and context, not just the journalistic one liner you have shown here!BBC! Have you joined CNN and NBC in their decline into irrelevance. There are massive problems all over the globe that major media has a responsibility to research, verify, gauge the importance of and present to those who actually follow you. Does this story strike you as something of such importance? And if it does you need to present a truthful analysis and context, not just the journalistic one liner you have shown here!The jandels are sandals and i like pineapple lumps and of course I'm already ready to call new zealand home but unfortunately I'm not ed sheeran im just a humble Algerian citizen who wants to breath queenstown air 😂The jandels are sandals and i like pineapple lumps and of course I'm already ready to call new zealand home but unfortunately I'm not ed sheeran im just a humble Algerian citizen who wants to breath queenstown air 😂The jandels are sandals and i like pineapple lumps and of course I'm already ready to call new zealand home but unfortunately I'm not ed sheeran im just a humble Algerian citizen who wants to breath queenstown air 😂The jandels are sandals and i like pineapple lumps and of course I'm already ready to call new zealand home but unfortunately I'm not ed sheeran im just a humble Algerian citizen who wants to breath queenstown air 😂The jandels are sandals and i like pineapple lumps and of course I'm already ready to call new zealand home but unfortunately I'm not ed sheeran im just a humble Algerian citizen who wants to breath queenstown air 😂The jandels are sandals and i like pineapple lumps and of course I'm already ready to call new zealand home but unfortunately I'm not ed sheeran im just a humble Algerian citizen who wants to breath queenstown air 😂The jandels are sandals and i like pineapple lumps and of course I'm already ready to call new zealand home but unfortunately I'm not ed sheeran im just a humble Algerian citizen who wants to breath queenstown air 😂Who doesn’t love Pineapple lumps?  Jandals are the national footwear and are gifted to all new arrivals. And who wouldn’t want to live here in nz.  You’re a shoe in Ed (excuse the pun).  See you soon 😉Who doesn’t love Pineapple lumps?  Jandals are the national footwear and are gifted to all new arrivals. And who wouldn’t want to live here in nz.  You’re a shoe in Ed (excuse the pun).  See you soon 😉Who doesn’t love Pineapple lumps?  Jandals are the national footwear and are gifted to all new arrivals. And who wouldn’t want to live here in nz.  You’re a shoe in Ed (excuse the pun).  See you soon 😉Who doesn’t love Pineapple lumps?  Jandals are the national footwear and are gifted to all new arrivals. And who wouldn’t want to live here in nz.  You’re a shoe in Ed (excuse the pun).  See you soon 😉Who doesn’t love Pineapple lumps?  Jandals are the national footwear and are gifted to all new arrivals. And who wouldn’t want to live here in nz.  You’re a shoe in Ed (excuse the pun).  See you soon 😉Why are potential immigrants and potential naturalized citizens always expected to know trivia about the country they want to make their own? Such a misguided approach to globalization... love it first, learn the trivia laterWhy are potential immigrants and potential naturalized citizens always expected to know trivia about the country they want to make their own? Such a misguided approach to globalization... love it first, learn the trivia laterWhy are potential immigrants and potential naturalized citizens always expected to know trivia about the country they want to make their own? Such a misguided approach to globalization... love it first, learn the trivia laterIf they really want to determine if agricultural work impacts bone structure, they should consider recruiting migrant farm workers into their study. They still do manual agricultural labor. Comparing them to rowers, which is a completely different type of movement, doesn't seem appropriate. There's also a difference between spending all day, every day tending your farm and doing manual chores without any mechanization, and having a few hours of practice or workout per day.If they really want to determine if agricultural work impacts bone structure, they should consider recruiting migrant farm workers into their study. They still do manual agricultural labor. Comparing them to rowers, which is a completely different type of movement, doesn't seem appropriate. There's also a difference between spending all day, every day tending your farm and doing manual chores without any mechanization, and having a few hours of practice or workout per day.If they really want to determine if agricultural work impacts bone structure, they should consider recruiting migrant farm workers into their study. They still do manual agricultural labor. Comparing them to rowers, which is a completely different type of movement, doesn't seem appropriate. There's also a difference between spending all day, every day tending your farm and doing manual chores without any mechanization, and having a few hours of practice or workout per day.Why women want to be like men stronger and fighter?. You are beautifull. Feminist hates men, But they try to emulate us everytime. So im starting to think they are jelous. Its ok to be a women. Sorry to tell you girls but you are and always been physically weaker than men. What is the problem with that?. You are more emotional and physically weaker. Its ok to be women, we love women.Why women want to be like men stronger and fighter?. You are beautifull. Feminist hates men, But they try to emulate us everytime. So im starting to think they are jelous. Its ok to be a women. Sorry to tell you girls but you are and always been physically weaker than men. What is the problem with that?. You are more emotional and physically weaker. Its ok to be women, we love women.The UK has welcomed world leaders from countries with human rights violations and even let's Isis fighters return with no issue- what a joke of a nationThe UK has welcomed world leaders from countries with human rights violations and even let's Isis fighters return with no issue- what a joke of a nationYou don't want him. He has divided the USA and he won't hesitate to try and do the same thing in the UK. He is completely off his meds and acts like a spoiled baby most of the time. Tell him to stay in Washington.You don't want him. He has divided the USA and he won't hesitate to try and do the same thing in the UK. He is completely off his meds and acts like a spoiled baby most of the time. Tell him to stay in Washington.You don't want him. He has divided the USA and he won't hesitate to try and do the same thing in the UK. He is completely off his meds and acts like a spoiled baby most of the time. Tell him to stay in Washington.For decades sexual harassment has not been an issue. In fact it was part of Hollywood culture: "how some of us got here". Now suddenly victims started to pop up with various agendas. What has changed? Why didn't they come out earlier, say 10 years ago? I think Trump changed focus and what was normal before is not anymore - eventually. Disclaimer: I don't support the Hollywood culture in the first place and glad that society became more aware of these issues.For decades sexual harassment has not been an issue. In fact it was part of Hollywood culture: "how some of us got here". Now suddenly victims started to pop up with various agendas. What has changed? Why didn't they come out earlier, say 10 years ago? I think Trump changed focus and what was normal before is not anymore - eventually. Disclaimer: I don't support the Hollywood culture in the first place and glad that society became more aware of these issues.For decades sexual harassment has not been an issue. In fact it was part of Hollywood culture: "how some of us got here". Now suddenly victims started to pop up with various agendas. What has changed? Why didn't they come out earlier, say 10 years ago? I think Trump changed focus and what was normal before is not anymore - eventually. Disclaimer: I don't support the Hollywood culture in the first place and glad that society became more aware of these issues.For decades sexual harassment has not been an issue. In fact it was part of Hollywood culture: "how some of us got here". Now suddenly victims started to pop up with various agendas. What has changed? Why didn't they come out earlier, say 10 years ago? I think Trump changed focus and what was normal before is not anymore - eventually. Disclaimer: I don't support the Hollywood culture in the first place and glad that society became more aware of these issues.Difficult enough to deal with complexity of issues of sexual harrassment, attacks,  barrage of complaints being aired in US.
People of Russia are going to need to tackle their own issues, though, in all honesty, perception of females as sexual playthings seems to continue as endemic internationallyDifficult enough to deal with complexity of issues of sexual harrassment, attacks,  barrage of complaints being aired in US.
People of Russia are going to need to tackle their own issues, though, in all honesty, perception of females as sexual playthings seems to continue as endemic internationallyI want to invite him over and have, Alastair Overeem (please google this monster) and have him sexually harass him.
What a douche bag.I want to invite him over and have, Alastair Overeem (please google this monster) and have him sexually harass him.
What a douche bag.Ugh, news these days are filled about women and  their respect! Irony is it’s always men who fights over what women wants, what they think and what they desire even though women don’t say what they are actually up to. No wonder that men are born to fight and die over and for women!!Ugh, news these days are filled about women and  their respect! Irony is it’s always men who fights over what women wants, what they think and what they desire even though women don’t say what they are actually up to. No wonder that men are born to fight and die over and for women!!Ugh, news these days are filled about women and  their respect! Irony is it’s always men who fights over what women wants, what they think and what they desire even though women don’t say what they are actually up to. No wonder that men are born to fight and die over and for women!!I'm glad I don't have this problem. It must be horrible being bald.Also, having trouble getting an erection at a young age? That indicates a heart issue as well. Blocked arteries, and the tiniest ones are always the 1st to go!
Edit: if anybody wonders how I know this, I got it from my medical book under heart disease.Also, having trouble getting an erection at a young age? That indicates a heart issue as well. Blocked arteries, and the tiniest ones are always the 1st to go!
Edit: if anybody wonders how I know this, I got it from my medical book under heart disease.This article states that people with this issue should limit saturated fat intake.
The New York Times had a piece earlier this year exposing the fact that the sugar industry made that up and bribed scientists to fake date.
Also, I feel like the article isn’t explained well: baldness doesn’t cause heart disease. But the same issues could cause both.
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/09/13/well/eat/how-the-sugar-industry-shifted-blame-to-fat.htmlThis article states that people with this issue should limit saturated fat intake.
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/09/13/well/eat/how-the-sugar-industry-shifted-blame-to-fat.htmlWhat makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.What makes me laugh is "obesity was associated with only a fourfold increased risk of the disease" ... ONLY fourfold? You're only 4 times as likely to have a heart attack if you're obese? That's still significant as far as I can tell. Plus there are more studies contributing to that statistic, some will be higher and some lower. In comparison with one study and one sample from one country. I'd be reticent to keep publishing these studies as soon as they come out before experimental scrutiny, Beeb, you don't want to turn into the Daily Mail. Things that cause heart attacks: too much hair, not enough hair, using a mouse with the left hand, coriander, left wing ideology, right wing ideology...oh and this thing called obesity has some effect.Deceptive headline. What about genetics? If baldness runs in the family then it’ll happen. Even women are prone to male pattern baldness if family members are bald. There are no heart problems in my family but all male members are, or were, bald.Deceptive headline. What about genetics? If baldness runs in the family then it’ll happen. Even women are prone to male pattern baldness if family members are bald. There are no heart problems in my family but all male members are, or were, bald.Deceptive headline. What about genetics? If baldness runs in the family then it’ll happen. Even women are prone to male pattern baldness if family members are bald. There are no heart problems in my family but all male members are, or were, bald.No, the last sentence is correct: We should not allow this monster to get a last triumph when he cowardly fled from his sentence. In Europe, there should be no room for people like that. So the Croatian prime minister should better reconsider if he really wants to defend this man. The time when we defended war criminals in Europe must be over. Whoever does not accept this should not have a place in the EU. I am getting sick of nationalists of all sorts ...No, the last sentence is correct: We should not allow this monster to get a last triumph when he cowardly fled from his sentence. In Europe, there should be no room for people like that. So the Croatian prime minister should better reconsider if he really wants to defend this man. The time when we defended war criminals in Europe must be over. Whoever does not accept this should not have a place in the EU. I am getting sick of nationalists of all sorts ...No, the last sentence is correct: We should not allow this monster to get a last triumph when he cowardly fled from his sentence. In Europe, there should be no room for people like that. So the Croatian prime minister should better reconsider if he really wants to defend this man. The time when we defended war criminals in Europe must be over. Whoever does not accept this should not have a place in the EU. I am getting sick of nationalists of all sorts ...No, the last sentence is correct: We should not allow this monster to get a last triumph when he cowardly fled from his sentence. In Europe, there should be no room for people like that. So the Croatian prime minister should better reconsider if he really wants to defend this man. The time when we defended war criminals in Europe must be over. Whoever does not accept this should not have a place in the EU. I am getting sick of nationalists of all sorts ...No, the last sentence is correct: We should not allow this monster to get a last triumph when he cowardly fled from his sentence. In Europe, there should be no room for people like that. So the Croatian prime minister should better reconsider if he really wants to defend this man. The time when we defended war criminals in Europe must be over. Whoever does not accept this should not have a place in the EU. I am getting sick of nationalists of all sorts ...The Earth isn’t flat nor round, it’s shaped like a prism. That’s why ancient civilizations built the pyramids. It was because they knew it and wanted to honor Gods creation.The Earth isn’t flat nor round, it’s shaped like a prism. That’s why ancient civilizations built the pyramids. It was because they knew it and wanted to honor Gods creation.How about being a flexible employer and allow her to work once her children are at school. She wants to work, despite being a single mother, and she should have support to work. Nothing wrong with that.Ikea are just playing akward they are hundreds of people empoyed and they could have accomadated this person with a disabled child if they had wished. Dont want to go back to working in the dark ages.Ikea are just playing akward they are hundreds of people empoyed and they could have accomadated this person with a disabled child if they had wished. Dont want to go back to working in the dark ages.Ikea are just playing akward they are hundreds of people empoyed and they could have accomadated this person with a disabled child if they had wished. Dont want to go back to working in the dark ages.Yes it's difficult to juggle family responsibilities and work but also not fair to expect colleagues to do all the early starts just because she has child care problems.Yes it's difficult to juggle family responsibilities and work but also not fair to expect colleagues to do all the early starts just because she has child care problems.Donald keeps shuffling his staff around but nothing seems to work... maybe the problem is somewhere higher up in the organization? 🤔🇺🇸Donald keeps shuffling his staff around but nothing seems to work... maybe the problem is somewhere higher up in the organization? 🤔🇺🇸Donald keeps shuffling his staff around but nothing seems to work... maybe the problem is somewhere higher up in the organization? 🤔🇺🇸The problem with most of the President's picks is that, they try to be too politically correct  under an unconventional boss who is trying to be just correct!  These varying phenomena are at clashing ends; they don't converge. The President ought to pick like-minds who could equally move through a tsunami! Nikki Haley does exemplify such minds!The problem with most of the President's picks is that, they try to be too politically correct  under an unconventional boss who is trying to be just correct!  These varying phenomena are at clashing ends; they don't converge. The President ought to pick like-minds who could equally move through a tsunami! Nikki Haley does exemplify such minds!The problem with most of the President's picks is that, they try to be too politically correct  under an unconventional boss who is trying to be just correct!  These varying phenomena are at clashing ends; they don't converge. The President ought to pick like-minds who could equally move through a tsunami! Nikki Haley does exemplify such minds!The problem with most of the President's picks is that, they try to be too politically correct  under an unconventional boss who is trying to be just correct!  These varying phenomena are at clashing ends; they don't converge. The President ought to pick like-minds who could equally move through a tsunami! Nikki Haley does exemplify such minds!The problem with most of the President's picks is that, they try to be too politically correct  under an unconventional boss who is trying to be just correct!  These varying phenomena are at clashing ends; they don't converge. The President ought to pick like-minds who could equally move through a tsunami! Nikki Haley does exemplify such minds!The problem with most of the President's picks is that, they try to be too politically correct  under an unconventional boss who is trying to be just correct!  These varying phenomena are at clashing ends; they don't converge. The President ought to pick like-minds who could equally move through a tsunami! Nikki Haley does exemplify such minds!The problem with most of the President's picks is that, they try to be too politically correct  under an unconventional boss who is trying to be just correct!  These varying phenomena are at clashing ends; they don't converge. The President ought to pick like-minds who could equally move through a tsunami! Nikki Haley does exemplify such minds!The problem with most of the President's picks is that, they try to be too politically correct  under an unconventional boss who is trying to be just correct!  These varying phenomena are at clashing ends; they don't converge. The President ought to pick like-minds who could equally move through a tsunami! Nikki Haley does exemplify such minds!The problem with most of the President's picks is that, they try to be too politically correct  under an unconventional boss who is trying to be just correct!  These varying phenomena are at clashing ends; they don't converge. The President ought to pick like-minds who could equally move through a tsunami! Nikki Haley does exemplify such minds!You do realise that there is a very simple answer to all these 'Brexit problems', don't you? Scrap it !  No 'divorce bill', no Irish border problems, trade etc continues as before,....etc, etc.....You do realise that there is a very simple answer to all these 'Brexit problems', don't you? Scrap it !  No 'divorce bill', no Irish border problems, trade etc continues as before,....etc, etc.....If the UK doesn't want to put up a border we don't have to. Our choice.  The Irish on the other hand will be forced to do it by the EU. So I guess not a UK problem.If the UK doesn't want to put up a border we don't have to. Our choice.  The Irish on the other hand will be forced to do it by the EU. So I guess not a UK problem.When Brexit was first proposed I have been saying that the Irish border would pose a problem. Time and time again the politicians have ignored the problem. Now the chickens have come home to roost. They have to get it right. Peoples lives and livelihoods are at risk. One side of the border voted to remain and the other never wanted the border in the first place. Now they have to pay the price of a situation not of their making.  Same goes for Gibraltar. They voted overwhelmingly to remain. Seems to me nobody cares what happens to them. A hard border will give them a tough time.When Brexit was first proposed I have been saying that the Irish border would pose a problem. Time and time again the politicians have ignored the problem. Now the chickens have come home to roost. They have to get it right. Peoples lives and livelihoods are at risk. One side of the border voted to remain and the other never wanted the border in the first place. Now they have to pay the price of a situation not of their making.  Same goes for Gibraltar. They voted overwhelmingly to remain. Seems to me nobody cares what happens to them. A hard border will give them a tough time.When Brexit was first proposed I have been saying that the Irish border would pose a problem. Time and time again the politicians have ignored the problem. Now the chickens have come home to roost. They have to get it right. Peoples lives and livelihoods are at risk. One side of the border voted to remain and the other never wanted the border in the first place. Now they have to pay the price of a situation not of their making.  Same goes for Gibraltar. They voted overwhelmingly to remain. Seems to me nobody cares what happens to them. A hard border will give them a tough time.When Brexit was first proposed I have been saying that the Irish border would pose a problem. Time and time again the politicians have ignored the problem. Now the chickens have come home to roost. They have to get it right. Peoples lives and livelihoods are at risk. One side of the border voted to remain and the other never wanted the border in the first place. Now they have to pay the price of a situation not of their making.  Same goes for Gibraltar. They voted overwhelmingly to remain. Seems to me nobody cares what happens to them. A hard border will give them a tough time.When Brexit was first proposed I have been saying that the Irish border would pose a problem. Time and time again the politicians have ignored the problem. Now the chickens have come home to roost. They have to get it right. Peoples lives and livelihoods are at risk. One side of the border voted to remain and the other never wanted the border in the first place. Now they have to pay the price of a situation not of their making.  Same goes for Gibraltar. They voted overwhelmingly to remain. Seems to me nobody cares what happens to them. A hard border will give them a tough time.When Brexit was first proposed I have been saying that the Irish border would pose a problem. Time and time again the politicians have ignored the problem. Now the chickens have come home to roost. They have to get it right. Peoples lives and livelihoods are at risk. One side of the border voted to remain and the other never wanted the border in the first place. Now they have to pay the price of a situation not of their making.  Same goes for Gibraltar. They voted overwhelmingly to remain. Seems to me nobody cares what happens to them. A hard border will give them a tough time.The Uk can choose to implement a hard board or not that’s the point of Brexit choice !! But to meet our Good Friday obligations the Uk can not have and does not want a hard board. However the ROI will be forced by the EU to enforce board controls. The EU is the problem not the Republic or the Uk. This issue will give us all a clear insight to what the EU thinks of it’s so called citizens and friends. Will it work to solve the issue or will it force  friends and family to live behind fences and walls !! The EU needs to accept it failed in integrating the UK in to EU and work to make sure we can all stay friends 😘The Uk can choose to implement a hard board or not that’s the point of Brexit choice !! But to meet our Good Friday obligations the Uk can not have and does not want a hard board. However the ROI will be forced by the EU to enforce board controls. The EU is the problem not the Republic or the Uk. This issue will give us all a clear insight to what the EU thinks of it’s so called citizens and friends. Will it work to solve the issue or will it force  friends and family to live behind fences and walls !! The EU needs to accept it failed in integrating the UK in to EU and work to make sure we can all stay friends 😘The Uk can choose to implement a hard board or not that’s the point of Brexit choice !! But to meet our Good Friday obligations the Uk can not have and does not want a hard board. However the ROI will be forced by the EU to enforce board controls. The EU is the problem not the Republic or the Uk. This issue will give us all a clear insight to what the EU thinks of it’s so called citizens and friends. Will it work to solve the issue or will it force  friends and family to live behind fences and walls !! The EU needs to accept it failed in integrating the UK in to EU and work to make sure we can all stay friends 😘The Uk can choose to implement a hard board or not that’s the point of Brexit choice !! But to meet our Good Friday obligations the Uk can not have and does not want a hard board. However the ROI will be forced by the EU to enforce board controls. The EU is the problem not the Republic or the Uk. This issue will give us all a clear insight to what the EU thinks of it’s so called citizens and friends. Will it work to solve the issue or will it force  friends and family to live behind fences and walls !! The EU needs to accept it failed in integrating the UK in to EU and work to make sure we can all stay friends 😘The Uk can choose to implement a hard board or not that’s the point of Brexit choice !! But to meet our Good Friday obligations the Uk can not have and does not want a hard board. However the ROI will be forced by the EU to enforce board controls. The EU is the problem not the Republic or the Uk. This issue will give us all a clear insight to what the EU thinks of it’s so called citizens and friends. Will it work to solve the issue or will it force  friends and family to live behind fences and walls !! The EU needs to accept it failed in integrating the UK in to EU and work to make sure we can all stay friends 😘Funny thing is the British Government doesn't want a border, the Irish Government doesn't want a border and neither want to pay for it. So why after joining the EU are we even discussing something that was settled in 1921? This whole issue is entirely manufactured by political forces and vested trade interests inside the EU. It only exists because they say it exists. Nothing is actually going to change except the EU position and the amount of money.Funny thing is the British Government doesn't want a border, the Irish Government doesn't want a border and neither want to pay for it. So why after joining the EU are we even discussing something that was settled in 1921? This whole issue is entirely manufactured by political forces and vested trade interests inside the EU. It only exists because they say it exists. Nothing is actually going to change except the EU position and the amount of money.Ah the anti British Broadcasting Corporation strikes again.....Northern Ireland was not forgotten because they voted.......Eire are not a part of Britain, the subjects do not wish to be which means that they had no right and did not want a say........its like saying we didn't consult France, Iceland or Borneo, another reason to add to the very long of why the licence fee needs to be abolished shame on you BBC, again.Ah the anti British Broadcasting Corporation strikes again.....Northern Ireland was not forgotten because they voted.......Eire are not a part of Britain, the subjects do not wish to be which means that they had no right and did not want a say........its like saying we didn't consult France, Iceland or Borneo, another reason to add to the very long of why the licence fee needs to be abolished shame on you BBC, again.Ah the anti British Broadcasting Corporation strikes again.....Northern Ireland was not forgotten because they voted.......Eire are not a part of Britain, the subjects do not wish to be which means that they had no right and did not want a say........its like saying we didn't consult France, Iceland or Borneo, another reason to add to the very long of why the licence fee needs to be abolished shame on you BBC, again.We've had an open border with Eire since the 20's it was partially closed during the worst of the troubles but only partially. .. why would this change ? There's already limited smuggling there's already limited migration problems. .. We all seem to cope ...We've had an open border with Eire since the 20's it was partially closed during the worst of the troubles but only partially. .. why would this change ? There's already limited smuggling there's already limited migration problems. .. We all seem to cope ...We've had an open border with Eire since the 20's it was partially closed during the worst of the troubles but only partially. .. why would this change ? There's already limited smuggling there's already limited migration problems. .. We all seem to cope ...We've had an open border with Eire since the 20's it was partially closed during the worst of the troubles but only partially. .. why would this change ? There's already limited smuggling there's already limited migration problems. .. We all seem to cope ...We've had an open border with Eire since the 20's it was partially closed during the worst of the troubles but only partially. .. why would this change ? There's already limited smuggling there's already limited migration problems. .. We all seem to cope ...Ireland are going to have to do a much better job arguing for a soft border from the side of the EU.
I don't like Brexit. I didn't vote for it. I don't want a hard border anywhere between the UK and The EU. It's very difficult to protect a soft border if none of the EU want one though.
This would be much easier with Ireland pushing on Brussels, instead of the UK.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.This is a bunch of sick and ridiculous revisionism and blatant lies, the US and the UK created the problem in Iraq, and created most of the 'terrorist' groups they're trying to applaud themselves for fighting, she knows this and is saying this absurd garbage as if the US and UK aren't the central cause of every single major problem in the world today.If you want to control terrorism, shut down the weapon factories. Weapon Factories are selling weapons on both sides and only innocents are dyingIf you want to control terrorism, shut down the weapon factories. Weapon Factories are selling weapons on both sides and only innocents are dyingIf you want to control terrorism, shut down the weapon factories. Weapon Factories are selling weapons on both sides and only innocents are dyingTrump the Tangerine moron is begging for a terrorist attack here in the U.S. He wants his own war so he and his rich defense contractors can take in billions and sink the economy. He cares about nothing but himself and money. He doesn't care for the military and veterans. If he cared he wouldn't be cutting pay and benefits. He is going to repeat what another president did 16 years ago. An unfunded war and tax cuts and no way to pay for it except for taking from the old and disabled and the poor.Trump the Tangerine moron is begging for a terrorist attack here in the U.S. He wants his own war so he and his rich defense contractors can take in billions and sink the economy. He cares about nothing but himself and money. He doesn't care for the military and veterans. If he cared he wouldn't be cutting pay and benefits. He is going to repeat what another president did 16 years ago. An unfunded war and tax cuts and no way to pay for it except for taking from the old and disabled and the poor.Trump the Tangerine moron is begging for a terrorist attack here in the U.S. He wants his own war so he and his rich defense contractors can take in billions and sink the economy. He cares about nothing but himself and money. He doesn't care for the military and veterans. If he cared he wouldn't be cutting pay and benefits. He is going to repeat what another president did 16 years ago. An unfunded war and tax cuts and no way to pay for it except for taking from the old and disabled and the poor.Trump the Tangerine moron is begging for a terrorist attack here in the U.S. He wants his own war so he and his rich defense contractors can take in billions and sink the economy. He cares about nothing but himself and money. He doesn't care for the military and veterans. If he cared he wouldn't be cutting pay and benefits. He is going to repeat what another president did 16 years ago. An unfunded war and tax cuts and no way to pay for it except for taking from the old and disabled and the poor.Trump the Tangerine moron is begging for a terrorist attack here in the U.S. He wants his own war so he and his rich defense contractors can take in billions and sink the economy. He cares about nothing but himself and money. He doesn't care for the military and veterans. If he cared he wouldn't be cutting pay and benefits. He is going to repeat what another president did 16 years ago. An unfunded war and tax cuts and no way to pay for it except for taking from the old and disabled and the poor.Trump the Tangerine moron is begging for a terrorist attack here in the U.S. He wants his own war so he and his rich defense contractors can take in billions and sink the economy. He cares about nothing but himself and money. He doesn't care for the military and veterans. If he cared he wouldn't be cutting pay and benefits. He is going to repeat what another president did 16 years ago. An unfunded war and tax cuts and no way to pay for it except for taking from the old and disabled and the poor.Trump the Tangerine moron is begging for a terrorist attack here in the U.S. He wants his own war so he and his rich defense contractors can take in billions and sink the economy. He cares about nothing but himself and money. He doesn't care for the military and veterans. If he cared he wouldn't be cutting pay and benefits. He is going to repeat what another president did 16 years ago. An unfunded war and tax cuts and no way to pay for it except for taking from the old and disabled and the poor.I don't believe this to be common stupidity. Those people knew exactly what they were doing, which is why it makes it more difficult to comprehend why they'd want to do such a thing. Incredibly disrespectful and just an overall awful thing to do.
It's just one of these things we don't need to express with words, a simple look of disgust says it all.I don't believe this to be common stupidity. Those people knew exactly what they were doing, which is why it makes it more difficult to comprehend why they'd want to do such a thing. Incredibly disrespectful and just an overall awful thing to do.
It's just one of these things we don't need to express with words, a simple look of disgust says it all.This is not art, nor is it "edgy". It is vulgar and ignorant. If you want to experience cultural documentation of the Holocaust, watch "Night and Fog", or read Elie Wiesel's _Night_ or Victor Frankl's _Man's_Search_For_Meaning_. The antics depicted in this article are simply puerile attention-seeking.Why i everyone being so mean. He's a 4 year old who just wants to give his christmas list to father christmas like millions of other children. He might be the future king of our country but why are we being negative towards a child?Why i everyone being so mean. He's a 4 year old who just wants to give his christmas list to father christmas like millions of other children. He might be the future king of our country but why are we being negative towards a child?'All I want is a needlessly priveleged upbringing, and a long life living off the public purse'. Wish granted!'All I want is a needlessly priveleged upbringing, and a long life living off the public purse'. Wish granted!'All I want is a needlessly priveleged upbringing, and a long life living off the public purse'. Wish granted!Hopefully people are seeing how poisonous the BBC and Sky are with their relentless royal propaganda brainwashing of the British sheep.Funny how these royals want privacy except when they are selling themselves to keep their privileged survival.Hopefully people are seeing how poisonous the BBC and Sky are with their relentless royal propaganda brainwashing of the British sheep.Funny how these royals want privacy except when they are selling themselves to keep their privileged survival.Hopefully people are seeing how poisonous the BBC and Sky are with their relentless royal propaganda brainwashing of the British sheep.Funny how these royals want privacy except when they are selling themselves to keep their privileged survival.Hopefully people are seeing how poisonous the BBC and Sky are with their relentless royal propaganda brainwashing of the British sheep.Funny how these royals want privacy except when they are selling themselves to keep their privileged survival.Hopefully people are seeing how poisonous the BBC and Sky are with their relentless royal propaganda brainwashing of the British sheep.Funny how these royals want privacy except when they are selling themselves to keep their privileged survival.What's wrong with "I want".a lot of our friends kids do the I want  and none of them are privileged.  Doesn't mean they get by saying that. I think it's sweet he only wants one small thing not a heap/lot of things .What's wrong with "I want".a lot of our friends kids do the I want  and none of them are privileged.  Doesn't mean they get by saying that. I think it's sweet he only wants one small thing not a heap/lot of things .I agree...don't bash out on the kid.
Bash out on the media shoving this pointless crap down our necks. Wow, the kid wants a toy car....and you all gush over how sweet he is.....grow up and stop worshipping celebrities.I agree...don't bash out on the kid.
Bash out on the media shoving this pointless crap down our necks. Wow, the kid wants a toy car....and you all gush over how sweet he is.....grow up and stop worshipping celebrities.That is the thing you are happy because is a lovely old couple.  Maybe is a couple of old moron jerks maybe is a couple of wise lovely persons. But the point is that he is independent and a grown up, so is she, they can do whatever they want, and just companion? my eye! Why not?
"AAH two nice old persons  looking for company" ........🙄...😝That is the thing you are happy because is a lovely old couple.  Maybe is a couple of old moron jerks maybe is a couple of wise lovely persons. But the point is that he is independent and a grown up, so is she, they can do whatever they want, and just companion? my eye! Why not?
"AAH two nice old persons  looking for company" ........🙄...😝He is not the one paying taxes for countries and supporting their economy. They deal with terrorist when it benefits them and when it doesn't everyone should be an enemy to their enemy. Your enemies are not mine. Defend yourself North Korea. If America do not want Nuclear weapons, they should start by destroying their. They are the only country that have used it.He is not the one paying taxes for countries and supporting their economy. They deal with terrorist when it benefits them and when it doesn't everyone should be an enemy to their enemy. Your enemies are not mine. Defend yourself North Korea. If America do not want Nuclear weapons, they should start by destroying their. They are the only country that have used it.He is not the one paying taxes for countries and supporting their economy. They deal with terrorist when it benefits them and when it doesn't everyone should be an enemy to their enemy. Your enemies are not mine. Defend yourself North Korea. If America do not want Nuclear weapons, they should start by destroying their. They are the only country that have used it.He is not the one paying taxes for countries and supporting their economy. They deal with terrorist when it benefits them and when it doesn't everyone should be an enemy to their enemy. Your enemies are not mine. Defend yourself North Korea. If America do not want Nuclear weapons, they should start by destroying their. They are the only country that have used it.He is not the one paying taxes for countries and supporting their economy. They deal with terrorist when it benefits them and when it doesn't everyone should be an enemy to their enemy. Your enemies are not mine. Defend yourself North Korea. If America do not want Nuclear weapons, they should start by destroying their. They are the only country that have used it.He is not the one paying taxes for countries and supporting their economy. They deal with terrorist when it benefits them and when it doesn't everyone should be an enemy to their enemy. Your enemies are not mine. Defend yourself North Korea. If America do not want Nuclear weapons, they should start by destroying their. They are the only country that have used it.He is not the one paying taxes for countries and supporting their economy. They deal with terrorist when it benefits them and when it doesn't everyone should be an enemy to their enemy. Your enemies are not mine. Defend yourself North Korea. If America do not want Nuclear weapons, they should start by destroying their. They are the only country that have used it.All countries have a right to defend themselves whichever way and with whatever means possible...
America wants to disarm other nations so that when threatened they will come begging for help from USA
South Korea has all the technological and economical capability of marching , if not surpassing North Korea armory...Now they look so vulnerable and scared and America becomes their saviour !All countries have a right to defend themselves whichever way and with whatever means possible...
South Korea has all the technological and economical capability of marching , if not surpassing North Korea armory...Now they look so vulnerable and scared and America becomes their saviour !Much as I dislike both 'leaders' and they're scary as hell with what's going on, I do think it would be funny if Kim sent a rocket to DC and a little parachute with a gift wrapped box floated down with a recording of Kim singing I'm A Rocket Man in it.
And yes I know it would be shot down before it got anywhere near before any one comments.Much as I dislike both 'leaders' and they're scary as hell with what's going on, I do think it would be funny if Kim sent a rocket to DC and a little parachute with a gift wrapped box floated down with a recording of Kim singing I'm A Rocket Man in it.
And yes I know it would be shot down before it got anywhere near before any one comments.He is a HERO for protecting his country and people from the Serbian occupation and a real war criminals . He should be released for Christmas but he wants to show the court what he thought of their judgment.
May he rest in peaceOops , should have engaged someone who can read English working in the manufacturers factory ... clearly a total failure in their food safety standard verification process ... should be heavily fined and corrective action verifiable put in place ..... but should never have happened in the first place ... clearly complacency and language issues in that factory !Oops , should have engaged someone who can read English working in the manufacturers factory ... clearly a total failure in their food safety standard verification process ... should be heavily fined and corrective action verifiable put in place ..... but should never have happened in the first place ... clearly complacency and language issues in that factory !Oops , should have engaged someone who can read English working in the manufacturers factory ... clearly a total failure in their food safety standard verification process ... should be heavily fined and corrective action verifiable put in place ..... but should never have happened in the first place ... clearly complacency and language issues in that factory !Oops , should have engaged someone who can read English working in the manufacturers factory ... clearly a total failure in their food safety standard verification process ... should be heavily fined and corrective action verifiable put in place ..... but should never have happened in the first place ... clearly complacency and language issues in that factory !Oops , should have engaged someone who can read English working in the manufacturers factory ... clearly a total failure in their food safety standard verification process ... should be heavily fined and corrective action verifiable put in place ..... but should never have happened in the first place ... clearly complacency and language issues in that factory !Oops , should have engaged someone who can read English working in the manufacturers factory ... clearly a total failure in their food safety standard verification process ... should be heavily fined and corrective action verifiable put in place ..... but should never have happened in the first place ... clearly complacency and language issues in that factory !Oops , should have engaged someone who can read English working in the manufacturers factory ... clearly a total failure in their food safety standard verification process ... should be heavily fined and corrective action verifiable put in place ..... but should never have happened in the first place ... clearly complacency and language issues in that factory !Oops , should have engaged someone who can read English working in the manufacturers factory ... clearly a total failure in their food safety standard verification process ... should be heavily fined and corrective action verifiable put in place ..... but should never have happened in the first place ... clearly complacency and language issues in that factory !Oops , should have engaged someone who can read English working in the manufacturers factory ... clearly a total failure in their food safety standard verification process ... should be heavily fined and corrective action verifiable put in place ..... but should never have happened in the first place ... clearly complacency and language issues in that factory !Wow, that's a really bad act.
It is directly linked to the health of our bodies.
The act of cheating on the constituents of food can have a negative effect on our bodies. This is a really bad act. i want Requires high punishment. 😡Wow, that's a really bad act.
The act of cheating on the constituents of food can have a negative effect on our bodies. This is a really bad act. i want Requires high punishment. 😡This is just people trying to make money out of google. I wonder if any iphone users actually complained about this or even wanted this action taken. It sounds like a lawyer got wind of this, got funding & pressing ahead on behalf of those who probably didn't bother to complain about it.
But honestly, it's browsing habits ffs. You give away you're browsing habits to Facebook just by logging on.This is just people trying to make money out of google. I wonder if any iphone users actually complained about this or even wanted this action taken. It sounds like a lawyer got wind of this, got funding & pressing ahead on behalf of those who probably didn't bother to complain about it.
But honestly, it's browsing habits ffs. You give away you're browsing habits to Facebook just by logging on.I have the perfect answer to any kind of smart phone problems,I don't have one,my advice to anybody with fears of their privacy being invaded.I have the perfect answer to any kind of smart phone problems,I don't have one,my advice to anybody with fears of their privacy being invaded.I have the perfect answer to any kind of smart phone problems,I don't have one,my advice to anybody with fears of their privacy being invaded.I have the perfect answer to any kind of smart phone problems,I don't have one,my advice to anybody with fears of their privacy being invaded.I have the perfect answer to any kind of smart phone problems,I don't have one,my advice to anybody with fears of their privacy being invaded.A feel a lot of unwanted calls coming onA feel a lot of unwanted calls coming onA feel a lot of unwanted calls coming onThink people are misunderstanding the issue of immigration. We're not against immigration, we're against immigration for unskilled workers. We have plenty of unskilled workers available here already we do not need 1000s of EU nationals coming here to work for minimum wage. This aids overpopulation, effecting schools, the NHS and other public services. Their tax and National insurance contributions does not cover the cost to pay for these services.Think people are misunderstanding the issue of immigration. We're not against immigration, we're against immigration for unskilled workers. We have plenty of unskilled workers available here already we do not need 1000s of EU nationals coming here to work for minimum wage. This aids overpopulation, effecting schools, the NHS and other public services. Their tax and National insurance contributions does not cover the cost to pay for these services.Think people are misunderstanding the issue of immigration. We're not against immigration, we're against immigration for unskilled workers. We have plenty of unskilled workers available here already we do not need 1000s of EU nationals coming here to work for minimum wage. This aids overpopulation, effecting schools, the NHS and other public services. Their tax and National insurance contributions does not cover the cost to pay for these services.Think people are misunderstanding the issue of immigration. We're not against immigration, we're against immigration for unskilled workers. We have plenty of unskilled workers available here already we do not need 1000s of EU nationals coming here to work for minimum wage. This aids overpopulation, effecting schools, the NHS and other public services. Their tax and National insurance contributions does not cover the cost to pay for these services.Think people are misunderstanding the issue of immigration. We're not against immigration, we're against immigration for unskilled workers. We have plenty of unskilled workers available here already we do not need 1000s of EU nationals coming here to work for minimum wage. This aids overpopulation, effecting schools, the NHS and other public services. Their tax and National insurance contributions does not cover the cost to pay for these services.Think people are misunderstanding the issue of immigration. We're not against immigration, we're against immigration for unskilled workers. We have plenty of unskilled workers available here already we do not need 1000s of EU nationals coming here to work for minimum wage. This aids overpopulation, effecting schools, the NHS and other public services. Their tax and National insurance contributions does not cover the cost to pay for these services.Think people are misunderstanding the issue of immigration. We're not against immigration, we're against immigration for unskilled workers. We have plenty of unskilled workers available here already we do not need 1000s of EU nationals coming here to work for minimum wage. This aids overpopulation, effecting schools, the NHS and other public services. Their tax and National insurance contributions does not cover the cost to pay for these services.It’s over 230k the government target is to reduce it to 100k by 2020.
Making this into something it isn’t is stupid. Yes, it’s the biggest drop - yes, Brexit must have something to do with it - but as for a problem - why would it be a problem, when governments aim to reduce it more than that ANYWAY?!?!It’s over 230k the government target is to reduce it to 100k by 2020.
Making this into something it isn’t is stupid. Yes, it’s the biggest drop - yes, Brexit must have something to do with it - but as for a problem - why would it be a problem, when governments aim to reduce it more than that ANYWAY?!?!I wasn't too bothered about EU citizens and they integrate quite well. It's those from outside the EU that don't integrate that are the problem.As it should. Eventually business in this country will be forced to turn to the people that originally drove it, namely the British public. There is no excuse for not having a system that simply requires you to have a reason (i.e. studying or a job) to want to come and live in a country like the UK that is already crippled by a lack of housing, an underfunded NHS and packed schools. Every two years a million more people being added to the general population is simply unsustainable.As it should. Eventually business in this country will be forced to turn to the people that originally drove it, namely the British public. There is no excuse for not having a system that simply requires you to have a reason (i.e. studying or a job) to want to come and live in a country like the UK that is already crippled by a lack of housing, an underfunded NHS and packed schools. Every two years a million more people being added to the general population is simply unsustainable.As it should. Eventually business in this country will be forced to turn to the people that originally drove it, namely the British public. There is no excuse for not having a system that simply requires you to have a reason (i.e. studying or a job) to want to come and live in a country like the UK that is already crippled by a lack of housing, an underfunded NHS and packed schools. Every two years a million more people being added to the general population is simply unsustainable.As it should. Eventually business in this country will be forced to turn to the people that originally drove it, namely the British public. There is no excuse for not having a system that simply requires you to have a reason (i.e. studying or a job) to want to come and live in a country like the UK that is already crippled by a lack of housing, an underfunded NHS and packed schools. Every two years a million more people being added to the general population is simply unsustainable.As it should. Eventually business in this country will be forced to turn to the people that originally drove it, namely the British public. There is no excuse for not having a system that simply requires you to have a reason (i.e. studying or a job) to want to come and live in a country like the UK that is already crippled by a lack of housing, an underfunded NHS and packed schools. Every two years a million more people being added to the general population is simply unsustainable.I wish them a lifetime of happiness as I would anyone about to marry but it's time to stop all this talk and speculation about it all now. There are an awful lot of people in this country who struggle and have nothing, I would like to think they will foot the entire bill for their nuptials and not use any taxpayers contributions.I wish them a lifetime of happiness as I would anyone about to marry but it's time to stop all this talk and speculation about it all now. There are an awful lot of people in this country who struggle and have nothing, I would like to think they will foot the entire bill for their nuptials and not use any taxpayers contributions.I wish them a lifetime of happiness as I would anyone about to marry but it's time to stop all this talk and speculation about it all now. There are an awful lot of people in this country who struggle and have nothing, I would like to think they will foot the entire bill for their nuptials and not use any taxpayers contributions.I wish them a lifetime of happiness as I would anyone about to marry but it's time to stop all this talk and speculation about it all now. There are an awful lot of people in this country who struggle and have nothing, I would like to think they will foot the entire bill for their nuptials and not use any taxpayers contributions.I wish them a lifetime of happiness as I would anyone about to marry but it's time to stop all this talk and speculation about it all now. There are an awful lot of people in this country who struggle and have nothing, I would like to think they will foot the entire bill for their nuptials and not use any taxpayers contributions.I wish them a lifetime of happiness as I would anyone about to marry but it's time to stop all this talk and speculation about it all now. There are an awful lot of people in this country who struggle and have nothing, I would like to think they will foot the entire bill for their nuptials and not use any taxpayers contributions.I've had migraines ever since I was 9 -- though my mother suspects I had my first with the age of 3. I've been to many doctors, specialists, and taken many different medications, in many different forms. Two years ago I was diagnosed with coeliac disease, which unexpectedly put both my neurologist and internal medicine doctor working together to assess my health. It turns out that my coeliac was making my migraines much more frequent and intense than they could be (trust me, I still go partially blind, numb, can't talk, and have no strength, plus the horrifying headache when I have a migraine). When I was 12-13 I had migraines two or three times a week, just before my diagnosis, I had 2 per month. Once I started my gluten free diet, they reduced to 2 per year.
This was entirely unexpected as I did not have coealic's usual symptoms (diarrhoea, bloated belly, issues with growing).
Today, my neurologist knows that when I have frequent migraines, my body is telling me something's wrong. This has meant low folic acid, low vitamin B12, anemia, and other medical issues that might not be obvious, but once controlled, help control the migraines.
So my point is migraines can be associated with other factors. While mine have always been associated with stress and anxiety, it became quite clear that this is not the only factor. Check for intolerance, food allergies, you might find an underlying cause.I've had migraines ever since I was 9 -- though my mother suspects I had my first with the age of 3. I've been to many doctors, specialists, and taken many different medications, in many different forms. Two years ago I was diagnosed with coeliac disease, which unexpectedly put both my neurologist and internal medicine doctor working together to assess my health. It turns out that my coeliac was making my migraines much more frequent and intense than they could be (trust me, I still go partially blind, numb, can't talk, and have no strength, plus the horrifying headache when I have a migraine). When I was 12-13 I had migraines two or three times a week, just before my diagnosis, I had 2 per month. Once I started my gluten free diet, they reduced to 2 per year.
So my point is migraines can be associated with other factors. While mine have always been associated with stress and anxiety, it became quite clear that this is not the only factor. Check for intolerance, food allergies, you might find an underlying cause.I lost my job because of Hemiplegic migraines. The government dont see it as a disability even though I cant function normally 80% of the time. I am hoping this is something that will help with my type of migraine because I want my life back!! I have no income whatsoever!!I lost my job because of Hemiplegic migraines. The government dont see it as a disability even though I cant function normally 80% of the time. I am hoping this is something that will help with my type of migraine because I want my life back!! I have no income whatsoever!!I lost my job because of Hemiplegic migraines. The government dont see it as a disability even though I cant function normally 80% of the time. I am hoping this is something that will help with my type of migraine because I want my life back!! I have no income whatsoever!!I lost my job because of Hemiplegic migraines. The government dont see it as a disability even though I cant function normally 80% of the time. I am hoping this is something that will help with my type of migraine because I want my life back!! I have no income whatsoever!!I lost my job because of Hemiplegic migraines. The government dont see it as a disability even though I cant function normally 80% of the time. I am hoping this is something that will help with my type of migraine because I want my life back!! I have no income whatsoever!!I lost my job because of Hemiplegic migraines. The government dont see it as a disability even though I cant function normally 80% of the time. I am hoping this is something that will help with my type of migraine because I want my life back!! I have no income whatsoever!!As a chronic vestibular migraine sufferer, i know how debilitating migraines are. The current medication available is only effective in about 10-15% of people and has some downright scary side effects. The ones i've taken so far only made me worse. It seems to have taken an inordinately long time for research to move forward and eventually identify the chemical problem behind migraine. The treatment sounds hopeful. I'd definitely trybit if it was offered.As a chronic vestibular migraine sufferer, i know how debilitating migraines are. The current medication available is only effective in about 10-15% of people and has some downright scary side effects. The ones i've taken so far only made me worse. It seems to have taken an inordinately long time for research to move forward and eventually identify the chemical problem behind migraine. The treatment sounds hopeful. I'd definitely trybit if it was offered.As a chronic vestibular migraine sufferer, i know how debilitating migraines are. The current medication available is only effective in about 10-15% of people and has some downright scary side effects. The ones i've taken so far only made me worse. It seems to have taken an inordinately long time for research to move forward and eventually identify the chemical problem behind migraine. The treatment sounds hopeful. I'd definitely trybit if it was offered.As a chronic vestibular migraine sufferer, i know how debilitating migraines are. The current medication available is only effective in about 10-15% of people and has some downright scary side effects. The ones i've taken so far only made me worse. It seems to have taken an inordinately long time for research to move forward and eventually identify the chemical problem behind migraine. The treatment sounds hopeful. I'd definitely trybit if it was offered.As a chronic vestibular migraine sufferer, i know how debilitating migraines are. The current medication available is only effective in about 10-15% of people and has some downright scary side effects. The ones i've taken so far only made me worse. It seems to have taken an inordinately long time for research to move forward and eventually identify the chemical problem behind migraine. The treatment sounds hopeful. I'd definitely trybit if it was offered.As a chronic vestibular migraine sufferer, i know how debilitating migraines are. The current medication available is only effective in about 10-15% of people and has some downright scary side effects. The ones i've taken so far only made me worse. It seems to have taken an inordinately long time for research to move forward and eventually identify the chemical problem behind migraine. The treatment sounds hopeful. I'd definitely trybit if it was offered.As a chronic vestibular migraine sufferer, i know how debilitating migraines are. The current medication available is only effective in about 10-15% of people and has some downright scary side effects. The ones i've taken so far only made me worse. It seems to have taken an inordinately long time for research to move forward and eventually identify the chemical problem behind migraine. The treatment sounds hopeful. I'd definitely trybit if it was offered.As a chronic vestibular migraine sufferer, i know how debilitating migraines are. The current medication available is only effective in about 10-15% of people and has some downright scary side effects. The ones i've taken so far only made me worse. It seems to have taken an inordinately long time for research to move forward and eventually identify the chemical problem behind migraine. The treatment sounds hopeful. I'd definitely trybit if it was offered.The new drug according to the scientists has minimal side effects.   If I'm right .... it will prevent an over production of CGRP in our bodies.   I'm presuming it will be bespoke rather than one cap fits all, I was ready to beg my gp for this but remembered my previous problems with meds etc.    Nobody has mentioned the possibility of CGRP deficiency - our bodies produce this stuff so we need it, deficiency does have its problems , this new med is not to balance our bodies production of CGRP but to reduce it, so we could become deficient ?The new drug according to the scientists has minimal side effects.   If I'm right .... it will prevent an over production of CGRP in our bodies.   I'm presuming it will be bespoke rather than one cap fits all, I was ready to beg my gp for this but remembered my previous problems with meds etc.    Nobody has mentioned the possibility of CGRP deficiency - our bodies produce this stuff so we need it, deficiency does have its problems , this new med is not to balance our bodies production of CGRP but to reduce it, so we could become deficient ?The new drug according to the scientists has minimal side effects.   If I'm right .... it will prevent an over production of CGRP in our bodies.   I'm presuming it will be bespoke rather than one cap fits all, I was ready to beg my gp for this but remembered my previous problems with meds etc.    Nobody has mentioned the possibility of CGRP deficiency - our bodies produce this stuff so we need it, deficiency does have its problems , this new med is not to balance our bodies production of CGRP but to reduce it, so we could become deficient ?The new drug according to the scientists has minimal side effects.   If I'm right .... it will prevent an over production of CGRP in our bodies.   I'm presuming it will be bespoke rather than one cap fits all, I was ready to beg my gp for this but remembered my previous problems with meds etc.    Nobody has mentioned the possibility of CGRP deficiency - our bodies produce this stuff so we need it, deficiency does have its problems , this new med is not to balance our bodies production of CGRP but to reduce it, so we could become deficient ?The new drug according to the scientists has minimal side effects.   If I'm right .... it will prevent an over production of CGRP in our bodies.   I'm presuming it will be bespoke rather than one cap fits all, I was ready to beg my gp for this but remembered my previous problems with meds etc.    Nobody has mentioned the possibility of CGRP deficiency - our bodies produce this stuff so we need it, deficiency does have its problems , this new med is not to balance our bodies production of CGRP but to reduce it, so we could become deficient ?The new drug according to the scientists has minimal side effects.   If I'm right .... it will prevent an over production of CGRP in our bodies.   I'm presuming it will be bespoke rather than one cap fits all, I was ready to beg my gp for this but remembered my previous problems with meds etc.    Nobody has mentioned the possibility of CGRP deficiency - our bodies produce this stuff so we need it, deficiency does have its problems , this new med is not to balance our bodies production of CGRP but to reduce it, so we could become deficient ?The new drug according to the scientists has minimal side effects.   If I'm right .... it will prevent an over production of CGRP in our bodies.   I'm presuming it will be bespoke rather than one cap fits all, I was ready to beg my gp for this but remembered my previous problems with meds etc.    Nobody has mentioned the possibility of CGRP deficiency - our bodies produce this stuff so we need it, deficiency does have its problems , this new med is not to balance our bodies production of CGRP but to reduce it, so we could become deficient ?The new drug according to the scientists has minimal side effects.   If I'm right .... it will prevent an over production of CGRP in our bodies.   I'm presuming it will be bespoke rather than one cap fits all, I was ready to beg my gp for this but remembered my previous problems with meds etc.    Nobody has mentioned the possibility of CGRP deficiency - our bodies produce this stuff so we need it, deficiency does have its problems , this new med is not to balance our bodies production of CGRP but to reduce it, so we could become deficient ?The new drug according to the scientists has minimal side effects.   If I'm right .... it will prevent an over production of CGRP in our bodies.   I'm presuming it will be bespoke rather than one cap fits all, I was ready to beg my gp for this but remembered my previous problems with meds etc.    Nobody has mentioned the possibility of CGRP deficiency - our bodies produce this stuff so we need it, deficiency does have its problems , this new med is not to balance our bodies production of CGRP but to reduce it, so we could become deficient ?The new drug according to the scientists has minimal side effects.   If I'm right .... it will prevent an over production of CGRP in our bodies.   I'm presuming it will be bespoke rather than one cap fits all, I was ready to beg my gp for this but remembered my previous problems with meds etc.    Nobody has mentioned the possibility of CGRP deficiency - our bodies produce this stuff so we need it, deficiency does have its problems , this new med is not to balance our bodies production of CGRP but to reduce it, so we could become deficient ?Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Interesting. I have severe ME , bedridden etc and in our community sensitivity to light and noise is a key issue with people having to wear shades or black out rooms etc. There's no treatment for this and is rarely mentioned as a feature of other illnesses outside migraines and head injury so I'm quite excited to see if something like this might be useful for us from this research. I hadn't known migraine brain chemistry abnormalities were this understood.Nope. If you really want to eliminate migraines, it is a very long and tedious process of discovering your triggers, then finding ways to avoid them. Some triggers are easier to manage than others.Nope. If you really want to eliminate migraines, it is a very long and tedious process of discovering your triggers, then finding ways to avoid them. Some triggers are easier to manage than others.Nope. If you really want to eliminate migraines, it is a very long and tedious process of discovering your triggers, then finding ways to avoid them. Some triggers are easier to manage than others.A guy who is fighting against isis (terrorist) with ypg (another terrorist) which shows us the bbc and USA is creating a new problem in the middle east.A guy who is fighting against isis (terrorist) with ypg (another terrorist) which shows us the bbc and USA is creating a new problem in the middle east.A guy who is fighting against isis (terrorist) with ypg (another terrorist) which shows us the bbc and USA is creating a new problem in the middle east.A guy who is fighting against isis (terrorist) with ypg (another terrorist) which shows us the bbc and USA is creating a new problem in the middle east.A guy who is fighting against isis (terrorist) with ypg (another terrorist) which shows us the bbc and USA is creating a new problem in the middle east.He wanted to stop IS?thats funny though.The Government with their  techniques,Weapons, as well as their intelligency still cant STOP them but a volunteer RIPHe wanted to stop IS?thats funny though.The Government with their  techniques,Weapons, as well as their intelligency still cant STOP them but a volunteer RIPHe wanted to stop IS?thats funny though.The Government with their  techniques,Weapons, as well as their intelligency still cant STOP them but a volunteer RIPGeneration playstation, sadly you dont resume from a checkpoint when you are capped.
With 2 weeks of training it sounds like a tinpot outfit destined for failure.
More to the point, when this is over and problems resume with Iraq and Turkey, are these same people going to attack our allies?
Some in these outfits are affiliated with proscribed terrorist groups.
Getting involved is naive to say the least, this is a land grab and this is far from over even after IS cease to exist.Generation playstation, sadly you dont resume from a checkpoint when you are capped.
Getting involved is naive to say the least, this is a land grab and this is far from over even after IS cease to exist.I don't really mind the Disney live-action remakes. They fall under the same category as the various Broadway musicals Disney's made. Their mostly harmless sources of revenues that try and play with the original movie's stories a bit but ultimately don't take away from the originals.
 That said I do wish Disney was bolder with these films and instead of playing it safe by remaking the classics everyone knows and loves, they try and remake their lesser known animated films that didn't do as well critically or commercially. Take Atlantis the Lost Empire for instance. It was a fun adventurous film that wasn't perfect and maybe shouldn't have been an animated film. If Disney were to remake it in live action, fix some story problems, and have Lucasfilm (the studio famous for making fun adventure films like Indiana Jones) they could have a surprise hit on their handsI don't really mind the Disney live-action remakes. They fall under the same category as the various Broadway musicals Disney's made. Their mostly harmless sources of revenues that try and play with the original movie's stories a bit but ultimately don't take away from the originals.
 That said I do wish Disney was bolder with these films and instead of playing it safe by remaking the classics everyone knows and loves, they try and remake their lesser known animated films that didn't do as well critically or commercially. Take Atlantis the Lost Empire for instance. It was a fun adventurous film that wasn't perfect and maybe shouldn't have been an animated film. If Disney were to remake it in live action, fix some story problems, and have Lucasfilm (the studio famous for making fun adventure films like Indiana Jones) they could have a surprise hit on their handsI am an American living abroad. As such, I have tremendously high regard for the UK and I wish with all my heart that Britain would cancel the invitation for a state visit by Trump. Trump represents less than 40% of the people of America (within and without). He is an ignorant idiot and does not deserve the respect a state visit to the UK would symbolize. After giving this hateful group in the UK some legitimacy by retweeting false and hate filled videos, he does not deserve a state visit.I am an American living abroad. As such, I have tremendously high regard for the UK and I wish with all my heart that Britain would cancel the invitation for a state visit by Trump. Trump represents less than 40% of the people of America (within and without). He is an ignorant idiot and does not deserve the respect a state visit to the UK would symbolize. After giving this hateful group in the UK some legitimacy by retweeting false and hate filled videos, he does not deserve a state visit.I am an American living abroad. As such, I have tremendously high regard for the UK and I wish with all my heart that Britain would cancel the invitation for a state visit by Trump. Trump represents less than 40% of the people of America (within and without). He is an ignorant idiot and does not deserve the respect a state visit to the UK would symbolize. After giving this hateful group in the UK some legitimacy by retweeting false and hate filled videos, he does not deserve a state visit.I am an American living abroad. As such, I have tremendously high regard for the UK and I wish with all my heart that Britain would cancel the invitation for a state visit by Trump. Trump represents less than 40% of the people of America (within and without). He is an ignorant idiot and does not deserve the respect a state visit to the UK would symbolize. After giving this hateful group in the UK some legitimacy by retweeting false and hate filled videos, he does not deserve a state visit.I am an American living abroad. As such, I have tremendously high regard for the UK and I wish with all my heart that Britain would cancel the invitation for a state visit by Trump. Trump represents less than 40% of the people of America (within and without). He is an ignorant idiot and does not deserve the respect a state visit to the UK would symbolize. After giving this hateful group in the UK some legitimacy by retweeting false and hate filled videos, he does not deserve a state visit.I am an American living abroad. As such, I have tremendously high regard for the UK and I wish with all my heart that Britain would cancel the invitation for a state visit by Trump. Trump represents less than 40% of the people of America (within and without). He is an ignorant idiot and does not deserve the respect a state visit to the UK would symbolize. After giving this hateful group in the UK some legitimacy by retweeting false and hate filled videos, he does not deserve a state visit.I am an American living abroad. As such, I have tremendously high regard for the UK and I wish with all my heart that Britain would cancel the invitation for a state visit by Trump. Trump represents less than 40% of the people of America (within and without). He is an ignorant idiot and does not deserve the respect a state visit to the UK would symbolize. After giving this hateful group in the UK some legitimacy by retweeting false and hate filled videos, he does not deserve a state visit.The president seems to have an issue with strong women. And he particularly can't seem to handle criticism from women. That's an observation as evidenced by his third trophy wife. 😂Question to all Trump supporters, why doesn't add the oil-rich countries especially Saudi Arabia in the travel ban list? Also, Americans should focus on their gun problem.Don't focus on other countries. Focus on the problems taking place within the USA. You know, the country that elected you. How many police and civilian shootings this year? How's the Russian investigation? How's the Obamacare thing? How's the wall coming along?  Bashing other countries to try distracting people from your comical administration. 2017 is clown season. First Pennywise.  Now this chump. Lol.Don't focus on other countries. Focus on the problems taking place within the USA. You know, the country that elected you. How many police and civilian shootings this year? How's the Russian investigation? How's the Obamacare thing? How's the wall coming along?  Bashing other countries to try distracting people from your comical administration. 2017 is clown season. First Pennywise.  Now this chump. Lol.Don't focus on other countries. Focus on the problems taking place within the USA. You know, the country that elected you. How many police and civilian shootings this year? How's the Russian investigation? How's the Obamacare thing? How's the wall coming along?  Bashing other countries to try distracting people from your comical administration. 2017 is clown season. First Pennywise.  Now this chump. Lol.Don't focus on other countries. Focus on the problems taking place within the USA. You know, the country that elected you. How many police and civilian shootings this year? How's the Russian investigation? How's the Obamacare thing? How's the wall coming along?  Bashing other countries to try distracting people from your comical administration. 2017 is clown season. First Pennywise.  Now this chump. Lol.Don't focus on other countries. Focus on the problems taking place within the USA. You know, the country that elected you. How many police and civilian shootings this year? How's the Russian investigation? How's the Obamacare thing? How's the wall coming along?  Bashing other countries to try distracting people from your comical administration. 2017 is clown season. First Pennywise.  Now this chump. Lol.Don't focus on other countries. Focus on the problems taking place within the USA. You know, the country that elected you. How many police and civilian shootings this year? How's the Russian investigation? How's the Obamacare thing? How's the wall coming along?  Bashing other countries to try distracting people from your comical administration. 2017 is clown season. First Pennywise.  Now this chump. Lol.Don't focus on other countries. Focus on the problems taking place within the USA. You know, the country that elected you. How many police and civilian shootings this year? How's the Russian investigation? How's the Obamacare thing? How's the wall coming along?  Bashing other countries to try distracting people from your comical administration. 2017 is clown season. First Pennywise.  Now this chump. Lol.Another issue whice is rarely discussed is North Korea's willingness to cooperate with other Authoritarian regimes, as well as non-state terrorist organizations, and export their knowledge and weapons to these groups and leaders. Such behavior has the potential to further destabilize an already instable world order, and allow these 'bad actors' on the international stage to acquire the technical and scientific knowledge they need in order to develop nuclear and/or highly sophisticated conventional weapons. This is a serious threat whice should not be ignored by the international community.Another issue whice is rarely discussed is North Korea's willingness to cooperate with other Authoritarian regimes, as well as non-state terrorist organizations, and export their knowledge and weapons to these groups and leaders. Such behavior has the potential to further destabilize an already instable world order, and allow these 'bad actors' on the international stage to acquire the technical and scientific knowledge they need in order to develop nuclear and/or highly sophisticated conventional weapons. This is a serious threat whice should not be ignored by the international community.Another issue whice is rarely discussed is North Korea's willingness to cooperate with other Authoritarian regimes, as well as non-state terrorist organizations, and export their knowledge and weapons to these groups and leaders. Such behavior has the potential to further destabilize an already instable world order, and allow these 'bad actors' on the international stage to acquire the technical and scientific knowledge they need in order to develop nuclear and/or highly sophisticated conventional weapons. This is a serious threat whice should not be ignored by the international community.Another issue whice is rarely discussed is North Korea's willingness to cooperate with other Authoritarian regimes, as well as non-state terrorist organizations, and export their knowledge and weapons to these groups and leaders. Such behavior has the potential to further destabilize an already instable world order, and allow these 'bad actors' on the international stage to acquire the technical and scientific knowledge they need in order to develop nuclear and/or highly sophisticated conventional weapons. This is a serious threat whice should not be ignored by the international community.Another issue whice is rarely discussed is North Korea's willingness to cooperate with other Authoritarian regimes, as well as non-state terrorist organizations, and export their knowledge and weapons to these groups and leaders. Such behavior has the potential to further destabilize an already instable world order, and allow these 'bad actors' on the international stage to acquire the technical and scientific knowledge they need in order to develop nuclear and/or highly sophisticated conventional weapons. This is a serious threat whice should not be ignored by the international community.Another issue whice is rarely discussed is North Korea's willingness to cooperate with other Authoritarian regimes, as well as non-state terrorist organizations, and export their knowledge and weapons to these groups and leaders. Such behavior has the potential to further destabilize an already instable world order, and allow these 'bad actors' on the international stage to acquire the technical and scientific knowledge they need in order to develop nuclear and/or highly sophisticated conventional weapons. This is a serious threat whice should not be ignored by the international community.Another issue whice is rarely discussed is North Korea's willingness to cooperate with other Authoritarian regimes, as well as non-state terrorist organizations, and export their knowledge and weapons to these groups and leaders. Such behavior has the potential to further destabilize an already instable world order, and allow these 'bad actors' on the international stage to acquire the technical and scientific knowledge they need in order to develop nuclear and/or highly sophisticated conventional weapons. This is a serious threat whice should not be ignored by the international community.I want to escape from Britain to north Korea but the queen wont let me i feel like am being held against my will and they wont let me smoke weed here and force me to work or I starve give me free weed and food for life and I will build the biggest most technical advanced magnetically charged rocket that destroys full solar systems simular to cerns hydrogen collider ........ Deal or no deal pinky .... We could take over the woooooorrrllldI want to escape from Britain to north Korea but the queen wont let me i feel like am being held against my will and they wont let me smoke weed here and force me to work or I starve give me free weed and food for life and I will build the biggest most technical advanced magnetically charged rocket that destroys full solar systems simular to cerns hydrogen collider ........ Deal or no deal pinky .... We could take over the woooooorrrllldI want to escape from Britain to north Korea but the queen wont let me i feel like am being held against my will and they wont let me smoke weed here and force me to work or I starve give me free weed and food for life and I will build the biggest most technical advanced magnetically charged rocket that destroys full solar systems simular to cerns hydrogen collider ........ Deal or no deal pinky .... We could take over the woooooorrrllldNorth Korea, rightly or wrongly, believes every other country wants it to cease to exist, and many of those countries have nukes. Are we really surprised they want their own? We use "deterrent" as an excuse for keeping Trident, they're just singing the same song.North Korea, rightly or wrongly, believes every other country wants it to cease to exist, and many of those countries have nukes. Are we really surprised they want their own? We use "deterrent" as an excuse for keeping Trident, they're just singing the same song.North Korea, rightly or wrongly, believes every other country wants it to cease to exist, and many of those countries have nukes. Are we really surprised they want their own? We use "deterrent" as an excuse for keeping Trident, they're just singing the same song.North Korea, rightly or wrongly, believes every other country wants it to cease to exist, and many of those countries have nukes. Are we really surprised they want their own? We use "deterrent" as an excuse for keeping Trident, they're just singing the same song.North Korea, rightly or wrongly, believes every other country wants it to cease to exist, and many of those countries have nukes. Are we really surprised they want their own? We use "deterrent" as an excuse for keeping Trident, they're just singing the same song.North Korea, rightly or wrongly, believes every other country wants it to cease to exist, and many of those countries have nukes. Are we really surprised they want their own? We use "deterrent" as an excuse for keeping Trident, they're just singing the same song.North Korea, rightly or wrongly, believes every other country wants it to cease to exist, and many of those countries have nukes. Are we really surprised they want their own? We use "deterrent" as an excuse for keeping Trident, they're just singing the same song.That game is too unfair for us  Filipinos, Preside Duterte is not a criminal. I voted for him because I trust his leadership. Have u ever ask yourself why  millions of Filipinos voted for him? Shame to those who trying hard to making our Prseident.  Filipinos wants real change.That game is too unfair for us  Filipinos, Preside Duterte is not a criminal. I voted for him because I trust his leadership. Have u ever ask yourself why  millions of Filipinos voted for him? Shame to those who trying hard to making our Prseident.  Filipinos wants real change.That game is too unfair for us  Filipinos, Preside Duterte is not a criminal. I voted for him because I trust his leadership. Have u ever ask yourself why  millions of Filipinos voted for him? Shame to those who trying hard to making our Prseident.  Filipinos wants real change.The western countries( USA, Europe etc.)are just ultimate hypocrites. They want a monopoly of what to impose on other people. What is right and wrong, what is prim and proper or vulgar, what is legal and illegal, what is acceptable. They want rules applied on others but not on them. But when they are confronted with realities unfamiliar to them or events which run counter to their perceived notions they run out of ideas and use force instead to prove their point. Because of this myopic view, they don't understand how other people and cultures work. Ever wonder why world peace is elusive?The western countries( USA, Europe etc.)are just ultimate hypocrites. They want a monopoly of what to impose on other people. What is right and wrong, what is prim and proper or vulgar, what is legal and illegal, what is acceptable. They want rules applied on others but not on them. But when they are confronted with realities unfamiliar to them or events which run counter to their perceived notions they run out of ideas and use force instead to prove their point. Because of this myopic view, they don't understand how other people and cultures work. Ever wonder why world peace is elusive?The western countries( USA, Europe etc.)are just ultimate hypocrites. They want a monopoly of what to impose on other people. What is right and wrong, what is prim and proper or vulgar, what is legal and illegal, what is acceptable. They want rules applied on others but not on them. But when they are confronted with realities unfamiliar to them or events which run counter to their perceived notions they run out of ideas and use force instead to prove their point. Because of this myopic view, they don't understand how other people and cultures work. Ever wonder why world peace is elusive?The western countries( USA, Europe etc.)are just ultimate hypocrites. They want a monopoly of what to impose on other people. What is right and wrong, what is prim and proper or vulgar, what is legal and illegal, what is acceptable. They want rules applied on others but not on them. But when they are confronted with realities unfamiliar to them or events which run counter to their perceived notions they run out of ideas and use force instead to prove their point. Because of this myopic view, they don't understand how other people and cultures work. Ever wonder why world peace is elusive?The western countries( USA, Europe etc.)are just ultimate hypocrites. They want a monopoly of what to impose on other people. What is right and wrong, what is prim and proper or vulgar, what is legal and illegal, what is acceptable. They want rules applied on others but not on them. But when they are confronted with realities unfamiliar to them or events which run counter to their perceived notions they run out of ideas and use force instead to prove their point. Because of this myopic view, they don't understand how other people and cultures work. Ever wonder why world peace is elusive?The western countries( USA, Europe etc.)are just ultimate hypocrites. They want a monopoly of what to impose on other people. What is right and wrong, what is prim and proper or vulgar, what is legal and illegal, what is acceptable. They want rules applied on others but not on them. But when they are confronted with realities unfamiliar to them or events which run counter to their perceived notions they run out of ideas and use force instead to prove their point. Because of this myopic view, they don't understand how other people and cultures work. Ever wonder why world peace is elusive?The western countries( USA, Europe etc.)are just ultimate hypocrites. They want a monopoly of what to impose on other people. What is right and wrong, what is prim and proper or vulgar, what is legal and illegal, what is acceptable. They want rules applied on others but not on them. But when they are confronted with realities unfamiliar to them or events which run counter to their perceived notions they run out of ideas and use force instead to prove their point. Because of this myopic view, they don't understand how other people and cultures work. Ever wonder why world peace is elusive?I hope everyone remembers that the North Korean regime doesn’t represent the citizens and what they want. I feel incredibly bad for the ordinary people who have absolutely no control over what the government says/doesWorld problem is USA .It need to be isolated. North Korea has to be militarily strong to avoid Iraq Libya like situation. Of course North Korea need to be responsible too .World problem is USA .It need to be isolated. North Korea has to be militarily strong to avoid Iraq Libya like situation. Of course North Korea need to be responsible too .World problem is USA .It need to be isolated. North Korea has to be militarily strong to avoid Iraq Libya like situation. Of course North Korea need to be responsible too .World problem is USA .It need to be isolated. North Korea has to be militarily strong to avoid Iraq Libya like situation. Of course North Korea need to be responsible too .north korea is china.  without china north korea has nothing.  if north korea attacks us, so does china.  china is probably instigating this.  they know we can't afford a war and want to destabilize us.  with the idiotic republican tax plan, it will be easier than ever.  whoever put these morons in chargenorth korea is china.  without china north korea has nothing.  if north korea attacks us, so does china.  china is probably instigating this.  they know we can't afford a war and want to destabilize us.  with the idiotic republican tax plan, it will be easier than ever.  whoever put these morons in chargenorth korea is china.  without china north korea has nothing.  if north korea attacks us, so does china.  china is probably instigating this.  they know we can't afford a war and want to destabilize us.  with the idiotic republican tax plan, it will be easier than ever.  whoever put these morons in chargeI think the United States should work closely with China to resolve the North Korea problem. The U.S. and China could stage a joint invasion, attacking quickly on two fronts. The territory could then be given to China to rebuild with financial assistance from the United States.
This won't happen. The effete Hollywood dilettante in the White House will tweet heroically, but he won't do anything.I think the United States should work closely with China to resolve the North Korea problem. The U.S. and China could stage a joint invasion, attacking quickly on two fronts. The territory could then be given to China to rebuild with financial assistance from the United States.
This won't happen. The effete Hollywood dilettante in the White House will tweet heroically, but he won't do anything.
